id='storytext'>Hello friends! I haven't posted on this site in a while, but I've been working on some stories during that time. This is one of them! I wasn't a major LOTR fan, but I really got into the Hobbit when those movies came out. I especially fell in love with Thorin. The character has such a good story arc, and Richard Armitage is flawless! It's been a few years since the movies came out, but I wrote this because I needed more Thorin. I have read a majority of the other stories on here featuring Thorin (there are some good ones) and now I hope to add my interpretation of the character.Please read and review! And visit my other stories, if you like my writing style!The journey back to the Blue Mountains seemed longer than the journey to Erebor. At least that's what Thorin thought as they crossed the terrain back to the place he temporarily called home. Thorin rode near the front of the group returning to help those who wanted to move to Erebor. Other travelers had made it safely to the Lonely Mountain, his sister included, and now more dwarves wanted to see their homeland.Nearly a year had passed since the battle for the mountain, and dwarves from all over were waiting to call Erebor home. As the newly crowned King, Thorin was expected to stay within the walls of his kingdom, but Balin had suggested he ride to the Blue Mountains and enjoy the fresh air.They both knew Thorin needed to escape Erebor, not to cleanse his lungs, but to cleanse his mind. Though he had survived the beginnings of the dragon sickness, there would be moments where Thorin's eyes held sparks of the disease and his temper would flare out of control. Balin thought a long journey away from Erebor would help Thorin get over the remaining side effects.A loud screech echoing through the trees pulled Thorin from his own thoughts, and forced him into a defensive position."Arm yourselves! Keep your eyes peeled." He commanded, drawing his sword.The men around him readied their weapons, searching the woods for enemies. They didn't have to wait long before orcs ran out of the trees and onto the path. When the two groups collided, Thorin and the other dwarves began slicing at the orcs as they drew near; the dwarves bashed and chopped at the orcs, easily dispatching their enemy. The orcs closed in on all sides of the company, some of them on foot, while others straddled the backs of wargs. Thorin's men were some of the fiercest dwarves of the Iron Hills along with a few from his own company.Their enemy didn't stand a chance. The orc screams of attack became the orc screams of retreat as the dwarves proved to be more than prepared for a fight.Thorin slashed one across the throat and looked around for another target. He saw an orc driving a wagon, pulled by a warg, away from the fight and kicked his pony to follow. He easily caught up and raced alongside the driver. The driver attempted to stab at Thorin, but the dwarf king ducked and returned the blow to the orcs chest. It fell from the wagon, dead. Continuing his pursuit, Thorin plunged his sword into the back of the warg, the animal went limp and fell to the ground, sliding to a stop with the wagon right behind it.As he dismounted his pony, Thorin checked for other orcs either on the path, or in the woods. He kept his sword up as he moved to the back of the wagon. The flap covering the contents of the wagon was loose, and as Thorin reached to pull it back, a fist shot out and caught Thorin on the chin.He stumbled back slightly, but regained his balance. Thorin's attacker had climbed out of the wagon, and their feet hit the ground."Stop! Remove your hood and face me." Thorin ordered, raising his sword.The figure turned to him, pushing back the hood to reveal their face. Thorin's eyes went wide seeing a dwarf woman looking back at him."Who are you?" He asked, lowering his sword.The woman forced her chin up. "I am Lady Kaleria, daughter of Lord Marzel of the Blue Mountains."Thorin sheathed his sword. "I am Thorin, son of Thrain, son of Thror," he gave a bow, "at your service."Kaleria dropped into a courtesy, staring at the ground. "My King, I am sorry I struck you. I thought you were another orc.""It's alright," he stepped toward her, "are you hurt?"Kaleria straightened, meeting his eyes. "No, sir.""We have a healer among our company. Would you mind if he looked at you?""If it pleases you, sir, but I believe I am alright," said Kaleria.Thorin smirked. "My chin thinks you are, too, but just to be safe."Kaleria scrunched her eyebrows. "I already apologized.""Yes, you did." Thorin smirked, grabbing the reins of his pony and walking back toward his men with Kaleria following.The men were gathering the bodies of the orcs and the wargs, moving them off the path. Those who weren't moving bodies were taking inventory of their own goods and the goods they removed from their deceased attackers."Where is Oin?" Thorin questioned as he moved through the crowd."Here, sir." Oin appeared from a group gathered in the middle of the path."This woman was a prisoner of the orcs. Would you please examine her for injuries?""Of course," replied Oin. "This way, miss."Kaleria looked at Thorin, who nodded his encouragement for her to follow. She stared at him a moment longer before moving to follow Oin to a large cart near the edge of the path.Oin began by looking for any obvious injuries. He noticed bruises around her wrists from being bound and a cut in her lip, most likely from being hit across the face. He asked her if she felt pain in any part of her body, and when she told him of the soreness in her wrists, he nodded. He gave her a canteen to drink from before placing a handful of leaves into her palm."Chew and swallow these for me. They will help with the pain." He instructed.Kaleria did as she was told.While Oin had been examining her, Kaleria had been examining Thorin. Her eyes were glued to him as he marched around the camp ordering his men to regroup. Though his men followed his orders because he was their king, Kaleria could tell they would do as he said without his title; Thorin was a true leader. She now understood why the few members of his company had followed him to Erebor.Thorin approached her and Oin, and Kaleria ducked her head to avoid having him know she was staring."Any concerns?" Thorin asked."Aside from a few bruises, I believe she is completely healthy," said Oin."I told you," grumbled Kaleria.Thorin frowned. "Aye, you did. Will you tell me how you ended up in that orc wagon?"Kaleria met his gaze. "I am female, and they wanted entertainment. I am sure they were entertained when I smashed their leader in the face with a rock."Thorin's hard expression softened, catching her meaning, and he thanked Mahal that he found her when he did."I am sorry," he said. "We will return you to your people.""Thank you." Kaleria kept a straight face.Thorin looked around at his men, ready to continue their journey. "We don't have an extra pony. Are you willing to ride with me?""I can walk, sir.""I will not have you walk. You have been through enough. I will walk."Kaleria stood, shaking her head in refusal. "I will not make the king of Erebor walk beside his own pony. We can both ride, if we must.""Are you comfortable with that?" He asked, concerned she thought he was pressuring her for the wrong reasons."As comfortable as I can be on a hard saddle." Kaleria remarked.Thorin smirked at her snarky comment, enjoying her wit. He directed his men to mount up, then got on his pony. He reached a hand down to help Kaleria mount behind him. She settled herself behind Thorin, gripping the fabric at his waist to hold on. The group began their march toward the Blue Mountains, with Kaleria sending a silent prayer to Mahal for sending the king to save her.

  id='storytext'>A/N: Thank you to anyone who is reading my story. Please enjoy chapter 2!The company rode the rest of the day, reaching their destination by late afternoon, the sun dropping below the horizon of the mountains. As they rode into town, they earned the attention of every dwarf on the street. The townspeople stopped what they were doing and stared as the heavily armored dwarves from Erebor rode toward the center of town.Thorin shifted in his saddle every few seconds. Kaleria took notice of his discomfort and leaned forward."Do they frighten you?" She questioned."What? No." Thorin straightened his back. "They make me nervous.""Nervous? You're the king." Kaleria reminded him."I've never liked having attention solely on me." Thorin glanced at the people staring at him. Their clothes were simple, but in good condition. They seemed in awe at the elegant cloak and glinting armor protecting the body of the king.Kaleria smirked, then leaned in to whisper to him. "I am sorry to tell you this, but being king draws the attention solely to you."Thorin looked over his shoulder at her. Her eyes danced with mirth and he faced forward with a grunt.Keleria smiled to herself. She enjoyed teasing the king under the mountain."My father's house is at the end of this lane." She informed him.Thorin steered his pony toward the house. It was larger than the houses around it, hinting at Lord Marzel's status. It was made of large, rounded pieces of limestone placed perfectly to create a sturdy house at the base of the mountain. A smaller stone fence encircled the house and ending with an ornate iron gate at the edge of the road. Stopping his pony at the gate, Thorin helped Kaleria down, then dismounted.The front door of the house opened and a graying dwarf man ran toward them."Kaleria!""Papa!" Kaleria ran to greet her father.Thorin watched the pair hugging from his spot near the gate. Lord Marzel clung to his daughter, overjoyed to have her back. It made Thorin glad to know he had helped return Kaleria to her father. Thorin remained near the gate, allowing them privacy for their reunion."King Thorin?" Lord Marzel questioned Kaleria, making Thorin look up at the sound of his name.She turned to look at Thorin and her father followed her gaze. He rushed toward the king and stopped to bow."Thank you, my king. How can I ever repay you?" Lord Marzel asked.Thorin shook his head. "There's no need. I only did what any dwarf would do.""Please, sir. Allow me to host you during your visit. You must be tired." Lord Marzel opened his arms, invitingly."It's not necessary."Kaleria spoke up. "You saved my life. The least we can do is offer you a hot meal and a nice bed." She met Thorin's eyes, daring him to refuse her father's offer.Thorin kept his gaze on her for a moment, then he looked at Lord Marzel. "I would be honored to stay in your home.""Excellent! Come inside. Get off your feet." Lord Marzel hurried into the house ahead of them, leaving Kaleria and Thorin at the gate. A moment later a servant came from the house and took Thorin's pony, leading it toward the stables.Thorin looked at Kaleria. "Thank you for hosting me.""Thank you for agreeing to stay. My father will love telling the other lords how he hosted King Thorin." Kaleria smiled."Oh, so I am no more than a pawn in his game of influence?" Thorin teased."Exactly," Kaleria held her hand out, "would you escort a lady inside?"Thorin took her hand and looped her arm around his. "It would be my pleasure, Lady Kaleria."After bathing and changing into new clothes, Thorin felt much better. The long weeks on the road had taken a toll on his body, and having the opportunity to relax was heartily welcomed. Though Thorin had lived on the road for most of his adult life, he had grown used to the comforts of his kingdom in the last year, and he missed sitting in front of the fire in his room.The clock struck the hour, alerting Thorin that dinner would soon be served. He left his room in search of the dining hall. As he walked toward the large staircase, the door to a room he was passing swung open and the person inside rushed out into the hall, running into Thorin with great force.Though he was surprised, Thorin's sturdy form absorbed the impact and he reached out to steady his attacker."I'm so sorry, my king," said Kaleria as she looked up to see Thorin."Call me Thorin," he replied. "Were you rushing to dinner?"Kaleria stepped back causing Thorin to drop his hands from her arms. "Yes, I laid down for a nap longer than I expected.""You must have needed your rest," said Thorin. "Traveling on the road is tiresome.""Especially, if you weren't planning on traveling," mumbled Kaleria.Thorin's eyes went wide. "I am sorry. I didn't mean—"She waved her hand to stop his speech. "I know what you meant. I cannot thank you enough for showing up when you did.""You're welcome." Thorin stared at her not sure what to say next.The clock on the wall ticked loudly in the silent hallway, reminding them that it was past time for dinner."May I escort you to dinner?" He asked, finally."You may," replied Kaleria, taking his arm.Thorin, with direction from Kaleria, led them toward the dining hall where Lord Marzel was waiting for them. He sat at the head of the large table, tapping his fingers on the arm rest. Two places were set at the table on either side of him. Thorin escorted Kaleria to her spot and pulled the chair back for her. Once she was seated, Thorin moved to take his chair."I am sorry we are late. I was wandering the halls searching for the dining room, when your daughter found me and offered to show me the way." Thorin explained."My daughter is wonderful, don't you think, King Thorin?" Marzel asked, admiring Kaleria."Yes, sir, she is." He glanced at Kaleria to see her avoiding his gaze and her fathers. "And you must call me Thorin. We are friends now.""Thorin it is!" Marzel exclaimed, happy to be considered a friend of the king.With a nod of his head, Marzel signaled for dinner to be served and four servants appeared to place food on the table and fill their glasses of wine. Kaleria watched Thorin carefully spoon food onto his plate while maintaining his straight posture. By his mannerisms alone, one could tell he was a king.They each took a few bites of food and sips of wine before anyone spoke. Kaleria broke the silence first."How long do you plan to stay, Thorin?"He wiped his mouth. "The original plan was to stay about two weeks before returning to Erebor, but after the long journey we had, I think my men would appreciate a month in one place to rest. And, it would allow the families who decide to move more time to pack their things.""How many families would you take?" Marzel asked."Any who would want to live in Erebor. I would not deny anyone the chance to see our homeland." Thorin's chest puffed with pride for his kingdom."It was magnificent," replied Marzel."You were there?" Thorin asked.Marzel chuckled. "Not all of us are from the Blue Mountains.""I am sorry. I do not remember you from that time.""It's alright. I was not the dwarf I am now. The Blue Mountains have been good to me." Marzel gestured to the room around them covered in tapestries and other fine decorations."Not entirely good, father." Kaleria added in a sharp tone.Thorin looked from Marzel to Kaleria, waiting for an answer."My wife did not handle the journey from Erebor well. She became ill and died soon after we settled here. Kaleria had not yet matured when her mother passed." Marzel gave a sad look toward his daughter.Kaleria stared at her plate. "I was not a child, father. I knew what was happening.""That does not make the pain any easier to bear," replied Thorin. "I lost my own mother soon after she gave birth to my sister. I was almost grown, but I was not prepared."Kaleria met his eyes, sharing his pain as he shared hers. Their gazes remained locked for a long moment before Kaleria looked away."The dragon took more than our home, he took some of our best people. I thank you, Thorin for helping us return." Marzel said.Thorin nodded, not knowing what else to say about his hard fought victory for Erebor. He didn't want to relive the pain he had felt while fighting for his homeland, so he ignored talking about their journey at all. The only ones he knew would understand were those who had lived through it with him.Dinner finished quietly, and Marzel invited Thorin to his study for a smoke and a drink of something stronger than wine. They all stood to excuse themselves from dinner, Marzel leading the way into the hall, while Kaleria fell into step beside Thorin."Be careful. He's old, but he will drink you under the table." She warned, smiling as she watched her father ahead of them."Are you suggesting your father is trying to get me drunk?" Thorin asked."I don't know what he is planning," Kaleria stopped a few feet from the door of the study, "but if he asks you to make him a knight, just tell him no."Thorin stopped and faced her. "I don't know if I could deny such a request from a dear friend.""Then you're not as tough as I thought you were." Kaleria smirked at him.Thorin chuckled. "I will tell your father I have no room for a knight, but maybe he could be a special royal advisor."Kaleria turned and began walking away, before replying over her shoulder at him. "I warned you, Thorin Oakenshield. You don't know what you're getting into."She walked back down the hall toward the stairs they had come down earlier. He couldn't help but admire her form as she strode effortlessly across the floor. Thorin thought over her words realizing her statement was more true than he anticipated.

 Prev  id='storytext'>On the second day of their arrival, Thorin made a speech to the people explaining the opportunity of moving to Erebor. Though he hated having the attention on himself, no one could deny he was a captivating speaker. He had the entire town standing in awe as he invited them to their true home.Many of the people were excited to return to their homeland, though some feared the journey, or simply wanted to stay in their current home. Thorin did his best to alleviate their concerns with promises that his men would protect each family traveling to Erebor. Some wanted guarantees of a more prosperous life, but Thorin wasn't willing to guarantee anything, knowing how fragile the kingdom seemed. He could make all the speeches he wanted saying how great life in Erebor would be, yet only time would tell how prosperous the kingdom would become.Soon two weeks had passed in the Blue Mountains, and many families were preparing to journey back with Thorin. Lord Marzel had mentioned missing Erebor, but neither he nor Kaleria had said anything about moving. Thorin didn't press the issue, though he wished they would consider it.Thorin spent his days checking on his men, and keeping them out of trouble with the locals. Most men stayed by the river in camps, fishing and repairing their equipment before the long trip home. A few decided to spend their days drinking in the tavern, and Thorin did his best to limit their drinking habit to a few cups of ale.He was leaving the tavern after being summoned to resolve an incident, when he saw Kaleria walking on the opposite side of the road. Though he had spent two weeks in her home, this was the first time Thorin truly looked at Kaleria and admired her beauty. She wore a simple black skirt and corset over an ivory gown with puffed sleeves. Her cinnamon brown hair was pulled back from her face by two braids that connected at the back of her head, while the rest laid over her shoulders and down her back almost to her hips. She walked softly, like she was floating rather than taking steps.Thorin watched her stop and talk to another dwarf woman, holding eye contact with the woman as she talked excitedly with her hands. Kaleria nodded every few seconds to reassure the woman she was listening, then when the woman finally stopped talking, Kaleria placed a kind hand on her arm and rubbed it to sooth the woman. Satisfied that Kaleria had listened, the woman seemed to thank her and move along.Thorin watched the dwarf woman walk away, then drew his eyes back to Kaleria. She stared back at him with a slight smile on her face. Thorin nodded a greeting and was beckoned over by Kaleria with a wave of her hand. He crossed the road to meet her, and they began walking together."Were you watching me, King Thorin?" She asked, bluntly.Thorin stared ahead. "I was called to the tavern over an incident with my men. I saw that woman crying and I wanted to make sure she wasn't involved.""Gwen wasn't involved. Her cat has been missing for a few days, and she asked me if I had seen it." Kaleria informed, glancing at him to gauge his reaction."I see," said Thorin. "And have you seen her cat?""Gwen loses her cat every week. Most likely she shut him in the cupboard again, and he's too lazy to ask to be set free.""Will he be alright?""I told her to check the cupboard one more time before asking everyone in town." Kaleria looked up at him. "Gwen lives alone. She likes to have someone listen to her.""I commend you for your patience." Thorin side stepped another dwarf, forcing him closer to Kaleria. His arm brushed against the back of her shoulder as they moved forward, but as soon as the space became available, Thorin put the necessary distance between them.Kaleria watched him move quickly away from her. She wasn't sure if the crowd was making him uncomfortable, or if it was because he was walking with an unmarried woman without an escort. She didn't mind. People could gossip if they wanted. He would be gone in a few weeks."And how is your patience? I'm sure you have many dwarves come to you for advice." Kaleria replied.Thorin shrugged. "Not as many as my grandfather had, but I contribute that to the fact that he was king of a prosperous city, whereas I am the king of a city on the mend. Many are too focused on building a new life, they do not have time to ask me silly questions.""Not all questions are silly. My father has taught me that most people want a chance to be heard, they do not care about the answer."Thorin weighed her response and it reinforced what he already knew; Lord Marzel was a great leader, and one day, his daughter would be too."You will make a great Lady of the Blue Mountains one day," he voiced.Kaleria blushed. "Thank you."Thorin smiled as she was now the one lost for words. "We should return to your father's house. It is nearly time for dinner."The dining room lay empty when Thorin and Kaleria arrived. They took the seats they had grown accustomed to, and waited for Lord Marzel to join them. After a few moments, Lord Marzel arrived."I am sorry to keep you waiting," he walked slowly to his chair, "I took a walk in the garden and I needed a rest." Marzel reached his chair and gave a few hard coughs.Kaleria stood to help her father into his chair. "Are you okay, father?"Marzel patted his daughter's arm. "Yes, my dear. Only tired." He sat heavily in his chair, but he smiled as if he were the happiest dwarf in Middle Earth.Thorin watched Marzel as he attempted to reassure his daughter about his health. It brought him back to the early days of his grandfather's sickness when Thror would try to pretend nothing was wrong. Although Thorin was young at the time, he could tell something was wrong with his grandfather. The keen eyes of the king had been clouded by mistrust and greed, and Thorin saw the deterioration of his grandfather more clearly than the rest of his family.Again, Thorin proved to be more observant than those around him. He could tell Marzel's health was waning. The older lord walked slower than he had when Thorin first arrived, his breathing was ragged after walking a long distance, and he had developed a cough. Thorin hoped Marzel would recover and live many more years in the Blue Mountains."What did you learn while you were in town, my darling?" Marzel asked Kaleria as the staff began serving the food and drinks."I helped Gwen find her cat," replied Kaleria."Oh, that poor woman. Did she lock him in the cupboard again?"Kaleria looked up at Thorin with a slight smirk playing on her lips. Thorin met her eyes and returned her smile."I told her to check for him in the cupboard before she established a search party." Kaleria spoke to her father.Thorin commented, "Your daughter has a gift for listening to troubled souls, and offering advice."Marzel gave a loving smile toward his daughter. "She's wonderful, Thorin. I tell her everyday she will make a great ruler.""I agree, sir." Thorin spoke to Marzel, but his eyes locked onto Kaleria's face like a bee drawn to honey.Kaleria ignored both of them and spooned a mouthful of food to avoid having to answer. Marzel started a new topic of conversation with Thorin, and she was saved from any further embarrassment. Thorin began to discuss the incident at the tavern, allowing Kaleria to simply listen to the two rulers discuss the situation and the solution. She loved listening to her father talk through scenarios, and now that he had a ruler who knew how difficult it was to lead, he became more animated in his discussion.Kaleria enjoyed the opportunity to observe Thorin without him recognizing that she was observing him. She noted the way he took small bites of food to keep himself available to answer without having a mouthful. The volume of his voice was just enough to be heard, but soft enough to draw those listening toward him. Finally, her father turned his attention back to her, and she was thrust back into the conversation, knowing slightly more about the king under the mountain, but wanting an opportunity to observe him again."I remember so much about Erebor, I forget some of us are not that lucky. What do you remember, Kaleria?" Lord Marzel turned to his daughter.Kaleria pondered his question a moment. "I remember how alive it seemed, though we were surrounded by rocks and stone. There was always something to do, or something to celebrate. Mother loved visiting our neighbors, and she would take me with her to deliver baked goods." She smiled at the memory of her mother, happy to still have memories like that after such a long time.Marzel breathed deeply. "Your mother was a rare gem."Thorin watched his companions reminiscing about their lost wife and mother. He didn't offer any words of sympathy, or try to help them accept her loss; he allowed them to grieve, even if only for a moment.Marzel was the first to break his trance. "Kaleria is right. Erebor was alive. I hope you can bring that same liveliness to the kingdom.""I hope so, too," agreed Thorin."He will do great, papa. Thorin is beyond ready to rule Erebor." Kaleria said, looking from her father to the king across from her.Thorin bowed his head as a thank you, then gave her a smile. He appreciated all the encouragement he could get, since many believed he was unfit for the throne."To Thorin," Marzel raised his glass, "long may you reign in the halls of Erebor."Kaleria raised her glass and Thorin followed suit. They all clinked their glasses and sipped their wine.Kaleria noticed the slight blush of Thorin's cheeks at her father's words. She liked knowing that the king under the mountain was not as solid as the stone of his kingdom. The veins in rocks are sometimes seen as weakness in their formation, but Kaleria had always thought of veins as expressions of character in the rock. Thorin, though a sturdy deposit of stone, proved to have veins that exposed the better parts of his character. She wasn't lying when she said he was ready to rule Erebor; she was convinced no one else could do it.

 Prev  id='storytext'>Chapter 4Thorin sat on a bench in the garden of Lord Marzel's house, reading a correspondence from Erebor on a trade deal from the South. Thorin had left his family and Balin in charge while he was gone, but none of them felt qualified to make a decision on whether or not to share the wealth of the lonely mountain. Thorin read his letter a second time wondering the best course of action to take. He didn't want to hoard the gold away like his grandfather, but the kingdom was caught in a rebuilding phase, and he didn't want to give away their chance to prosper."I recognize that look," said Lord Marzel appearing in the garden.Thorin looked up at his host. "What look is that, sir?""The look of a leader weighing the options and attempting to determine the best course of action. I have seen that look in the mirror too many times to count." Marzel stopped in front of Thorin.Thorin held up the letter. "I left my family in charge while I journeyed here, and they are asking for my guidance while I am away.""It must be a difficult decision for you to look like that.""Yes, it is." Thorin cast his eyes down.Marzel waved a hand toward his garden. "Walk with me, Thorin. Maybe we can come to a solution together."Thorin nodded, then stood from the bench. He matched his pace to Marzel's as they ventured deeper into the garden. The Lord of the Blue Mountains walked with a slow gait, each step lingering a second longer than Thorin would have stepped. Studying the lord, Thorin saw the sunken look of his eyes and the grayish tone of his skin. Thorin knew that whatever ailed the lord was taking its toll."Are you going to tell me the problem, so that I may help you?" Marzel asked, interrupting Thorin's thoughts. He gave Thorin a sideways look as if he knew Thorin had been questioning his health.Thorin brought the letter up to read. "Our kingdom has been approached by another kingdom from the South for a trade opportunity. As much as I would like to strengthen Erebor's ties beyond our walls, I do not want to risk the livelihoods of my people. We are only starting to rebuild. I cannot waste our gold.""You are a true king, my boy. It shows in your worry for your people." Marzel smiled at the young king."Do you have any advice?" asked Thorin.Marzel stared ahead, looking fondly at something in the distance that Thorin couldn't see, or wasn't there at all. "My advice is to trust your instincts. You have proven to be a very wise dwarf, Thorin. Do not let others decide for you."Thorin absorbed Marzel's words as they walked a few steps further. He never thought of himself as a true king; he expected the other shoe to drop any moment. For someone who had only known him a few weeks, to believe he was capable of ruling Erebor, boosted his confidence."Thank you, my friend. I appreciate your support," replied Thorin.Marzel and Thorin continued walking through the garden, almost making a complete lap around it before Marzel started to cough. The lord wheezed, his body doubling over from the exertion. Thorin placed a hand on his shoulder to brace his friend.Once Marzel caught his breath, he straightened himself. "Seems the pollen is getting to me. Do you mind if we return to the house?""Not at all," said Thorin, keeping his arm up for Marzel to hold himself steady.At a slow pace, they made their way back to the house. Marzel excused himself to his room, saying he needed a nap after their adventure in the garden. He was ascending the stairs, when Kaleria came into the room."Where is my father going?" She asked Thorin."Your father and I took a brisk walk through the garden. He said he needed to rest after his exercise." Thorin knew he wasn't telling the entire truth, but Marzel wasn't telling the truth either, and Kaleria deserved to hear it from him, if there was something wrong.Kaleria looked at the top of the stairs, a frown crossing her face, then she turned to Thorin. "What did you discuss in the garden?""I needed some kingly advice, and your father had some wise words for me.""I am glad he could help." A thought occurred to her and she glanced toward the kitchen, then back to Thorin. "I am in desperate need of a snack. Would you like to raid the kitchen with me?"Thorin checked the hallways for any of the staff. When he saw they were alone, he looked back at her. "Lead the way."Kaleria giggled and jogged toward the kitchen, forcing Thorin to quicken his pace after her.After a month of living in the Blue Mountains, the dwarves of Erebor were nearly ready to return home. Many of the families planning to follow them had finished packing, and a few others who had decided late to join them were almost caught up. Thorin began checking things off his list as he told his men to be ready to move by the end of the week.Though he had enjoyed his time in the Blue Mountains, Thorin was ready to return home to Erebor. He no longer felt the pull of the dragon sickness, and he believed himself to be cured. The only way to find out for certain was to return to the mountain.The one thing he would miss when he returned home was his gracious host and, now, his dear friend. Lord Marzel had been too kind to Thorin, making his stay easier to bear. Both Lord Marzel and Kaleria had helped him learn small lessons about himself as a leader and as a dwarf. Thorin knew his confidence in his ability to rule Erebor had grown, and he was ready to put it to the test.Entering the dining hall, Thorin found Lord Marzel and Kaleria already seated for breakfast."I apologize for my tardiness." Thorin took his seat across from Kaleria."Nonsense," exclaimed Marzel. "We have only just sat down."Marzel coughed twice to clear his throat, then took a sip of his water. Thorin noticed his hand shaking slightly as he raised his glass. He planned to observe the older dwarf further, when Kaleria drew his attention to her."Do you always sleep late, King Thorin?" Kaleria questioned, a hint of a smile playing on her lips.Thorin met her eyes. "Only when the bed is as comfortable as the one you have provided. I thank you again for your hospitality.""We are happy to accommodate you." Marzel gave a few hacking coughs at the end of his sentence, covering his mouth with his napkin. A servant came forward and refilled his water glass, offering it to Marzel.Thorin watched Kaleria staring at her father. Her eyebrows furrowed as if she were questioning why her father seemed sick. Thorin didn't know if she hadn't realized how sickly her father looked, or if Lord Marzel was better at hiding his illness when she wasn't around.The servants began bringing food to the table, silencing the group as spoonfuls of food were placed on each plate. Kaleria's inquisitive eyes watched Thorin acknowledge each person who put food on his plate, thanking them for their service. Though he was a king, he didn't think himself above them. Secretly, Kaleria liked his humble nature, seen only in the company of close friends."How much longer do you plan to stay?" Kaleria stared at Thorin, awaiting an answer.Thorin swallowed his bite of food, then spoke. "Most of the families returning with us have packed their things, so I hope within the next few days.""Do you have enough men to keep them safe as you travel back?" Kaleria returned, bluntly."Thorin is capable of keeping his people safe, my dear," Marzel interjected."They are our people, too, father. Should I not be worried for their well being?" Kaleria glanced from her father to Thorin.He smiled. "Your daughter has every right to be concerned, Marzel, but—" Thorin locked eyes with Kaleria—"I give you my word that I will protect your people."Kaleria took a bite of her food, seemingly satisfied by his words. Thorin held her gaze until Lord Marzel commanded his attention in a new conversation. She sat quietly, studying the king like she had grown accustomed to doing. She hadn't learned much about him in his short stay, but she became increasingly interested in learning more.They finished breakfast soon after, and Thorin dismissed himself to attend to his men."Before you go," Lord Marzel stopped him, "would you be willing to discuss future trade opportunities later?""Of course, my friend," answered Thorin."Good. Find me in my study after lunch." Marzel instructed, before leaving Thorin and Kaleria alone in the dining hall. Kaleria moved toward the door her father had disappeared through, but stopped in the doorway to look back at the king.Thorin gave a dramatic bow, then looked up at her. Kaleria rolled her eyes, but Thorin saw the smile crossing her face before she continued through the door.

 Prev  id='storytext'>A/N: I apologize for the late upload. I have been very busy and time got away from me; however, I am still actively working on this story, so don't think I've forgotten. I will try to be more regular in my posting! Remember to read and review. I appreciate all of you who have followed me already. Thanks!After enjoying lunch with a few of his men at the tavern, Thorin returned to the Marzel house to look for Lord Marzel. He asked the servants where his friend would be, and they pointed him toward the study. Thorin knocked on the door, waiting for Marzel to answer before he went inside."Come in." He heade from the other side of the door. Thorin stepped into the room.Lord Marzel sat in a chair by the fireplace. "Hello, Thorin. Thank you for meeting me.""What did you want to discuss?" Thorin asked, taking the open seat."Would you mind walking with me to the stables? It has been too long since I have visited my ponies.""I would be glad to," Thorin rose from his chair and helped Marzel to his feet.Marzel led Thorin out the back door of the house and down a dirt path that led to the stables. The stables were built from large pine trees that had been chopped down and covered in pine tar, making the boards look like rusted iron. The reddish-brown tinted wood glowed in the sun as it sat against the dark green backdrop of the woods beyond it. Ponies stood in a paddock to the right of the stable, eating from bins filled with straw.Inside the stable, Thorin admired the large stalls reserved for each pony running on either side of the building. Marzel walked down the center glancing at each pony as he strolled."I wanted to speak out here, away from prying ears," began Marzel. "The only ones that will hear us are the ponies, and they only talk to me."The old man laughed at his own joke, but Thorin secretly questioned if Marzel really thought the ponies talked to him."I wanted to thank you once more for saving my daughter." He continued."Of course," replied Thorin.Marzel's eyes grew sad. "It has been difficult since her mother died. Kaleria acts strong, but she did not take her mother's passing well.""It is hard to lose a parent, especially at a young age." Thorin thought of his parents, who he never got to say goodbye to before they passed.Marzel nodded. "She grew up faster than necessary. She has been more of a guardian to me than I have to her.""She loves you," assured Thorin."I know," he stared ahead, blankly, "but I should never have let her. I was lost in my own grief for far too long."Thorin didn't know if Marzel was seeking counsel for his admission, or if he only wanted someone to listen to his tale. Thorin tried to do both."Kaleria is a strong woman. Intentionally, or not, you made her that way. You may have been lost in your grief, but you learned to overcome it. It is okay to have weakness, when you can draw strength from others." Thorin looked at his companion, hoping his words would help the king in some way."Thank you, my friend." Marzel commented.The dwarves continued for a few steps in silence, until Marzel stopped by a stall near the end of the row.Marzel called the pony toward him, and the animal obeyed, easily coming to a stop at the gate and stretching his nose toward his master. Marzel rubbed the cheek of the animal, talking in a soft voice as he did. The pony bobbed his head twice and snorted, apparently answering the lord of the Blue Mountains. Marzel scratched under the pony's chin as he addressed Thorin."Do you like my daughter, Thorin?"Thorin flinched at the sudden question, furrowing his brows in surprise. "I can only base my opinion on the few encounters we've had.""And based on those encounters?" Marzel met Thorin's eyes.Thorin realized he couldn't avoid the question with a nonchalant answer. "She has proved to be companionable during my stay. I like her, and you, for sharing your home with me while I was here."Marzel eyed him for a moment with a smile on his face. He seemed satisfied by Thorin's answer, and once again turned to his pony. "We should discuss our trade opportunities, while we have the time. I think we would benefit as well as Erebor.""What do you have in mind?" Thorin relaxed, glad to move on to a new topic.Marzel started to speak, but the words caught in his throat. His mouth clamped shut as he grabbed his chest. He doubled over, startling the pony who had been happy to see his master a moment ago. Marzel gave a few groans before collapsing to the floor of the stable.Thorin kneeled beside him. "Marzel? Can you hear me?"Marzel didn't respond, though the shallow breathing told Thorin he was still alive."Help! Someone help us!" Thorin yelled.A stable boy ran in from the paddock, and he stopped short, his eyes wide with panic."Go fetch a healer! Now!" Thorin commanded.The boy ran out as two more stable hands rushed in from another door. Together, Thorin and the stable hands lifted Marzel and carried him to the house. Thorin wasn't sure what was wrong, but for Marzel's sake, and Kaleria's, he hoped his friend pulled through.In the lord's bedroom, Thorin stood against the wall watching the healer examine Lord Marzel. Thorin and two other stable workers had carried Marzel into the house and to his room. He had regained consciousness once they got him into bed, and the healer arrived shortly after. The healer began to question Marzel, asking his name, where he was, and other basic questions.The door to the room flew open as Kaleria rushed in. Her eyes landed on Thorin, and he noted the panicked look etched into her face. She searched for her father and when her eyes found him in his bed, she moved toward him. Thorin stopped her by stepping in her path and gripping her arms to keep her still."Hold on. The healer is not finished yet." He said, calmly."Let me go to him." She pleaded, trying to pull away from him.Thorin kept her in front of him. "Kaleria, he needs to be examined properly.""I'm his daughter! I want to see him." Kaleria pushed past him, and Thorin released her.She stopped next to the bed and looked down at her father. He laid in the middle of the bed supported by a mound of pillows to keep his upper body elevated. His skin appeared whiter than the dressing gown he was wearing, and it glistened with a sheen of sweat across his wide forehead. His gray hair stuck to his skin and laid limply against the pillows like noodles fresh out of a pot. Though Marzel looked incapable of any movement, he smiled when he saw Kaleria and reached for her hand."There's my beautiful daughter.""Papa, what happened?" She sat on the edge of the bed and took his hand between both of hers."I need to tell you something," he squeezed her hand before continuing, "I am dying, Kaleria. I have been ill for sometime, and the episode I suffered today has weakened me. I believe I am beyond recovering." Marzel revealed, meeting his daughter's eyes."No, you're going to be fine. You just need rest. I can handle the estate." She shook her head, disbelieving what he said."I don't think rest will be enough this time," replied Marzel. "I need you to promise me something.""What papa?" Kaleria asked, tears welling in her eyes."Promise me you will go with Thorin to Erebor."Thorin, who had been listening from his place near the door, flinched at the promise Marzel wanted his daughter to make. Leaving one's home was not an easy decision to make, and he asked her to make it knowing her father could not go with her.Tears trailed down Kaleria's cheeks. "No, I won't leave you.""I do not have much time, darling. You would have a much better life in Erebor than you ever would staying here when I am gone. On my death, the estate will go to your cousin and I cannot guarantee your future if you stay." Marzel hoped she would see his reasoning as sound.She dropped her head to rest against his hand. "I can't."Marzel smiled at his daughter, then turned his attention to Thorin. "Come closer, my friend."Thorin approached the bed to stand behind Kaleria, and in view of Marzel."Promise me you will take care of my daughter." Marzel gave Thorin a hard look that scared the king under the mountain. Thorin knew that this was more than an agreement between clans, this was an oath binding Thorin to the protection of Marzel's greatest treasure: his daughter.Thorin looked deep into Marzel's eyes. "You have my word, my friend.""Good," said Marzel, seemingly satisfied.He closed his eyes, tired from the exertion it took to hold the conversation. Kaleria stroked his hand as she watched his body relax into the bedding, thinking maybe he was finally getting the rest he needed. The healer and Thorin stood back watching the lord resting in his bed and his daughter holding his hand.The healer tilted his head as he watched Marzel, and Thorin, perceptive to small movements turned to him."What is it?" He asked in a low voice.The healer ignored his question and walked to the opposite side of the bed of Kaleria. He picked up Marzels' hand and felt the spot on the inner part of his wrist for a few moments, then he moved one hand to the spot where Marzel's head met his neck. The healer removed his hand and his expression grew dark.Thorin knew what he would say before he said it."I am sorry, miss. Your father is gone." The healer looked at Kaleria.Once his words sunk in, Kaleria looked up at the healer. She shook her head violently as she turned her attention back to her father. She pushed on his shoulder, hoping he would wake up and ask her to stop. Instead, he remained still, and Kaleria released his hand as a loud sob escaped her body.Thorin didn't know if he should leave Kaleria to her grief, or attempt to remove her from the room. He settled on trying to comfort her. Placing his hand on her shoulder, Thorin tried to lend her his strength. She rose from the bed and buried her face in Thorin's chest, continuing to sob as she wrapped her arms tightly around his torso.He paused a moment before wrapping his arms around her and hugging her tightly. He knew the pain of losing a father, but he didn't have to watch his father die, and Thorin wished he could take that pain from her as he rubbed her back. Her sobs eased after a few moments, but neither one was willing to let go of the other. Thorin thought about the promise he had made Marzel as he held Kaleria against his chest.Evening had descended on the Blue Mountains by the time Thorin had returned to the house. After the healer had removed Marzel to prepare for burial, Thorin had left Kaleria with a maid to prepare for the funeral. Thorin had to discuss when his group would be leaving for Erebor with the other leaders, and they all agreed to leave in three days.Thorin entered the house expecting everyone to be preparing for bed. The hour was late and most of the candles had been put out to dim the house for sleep. He almost missed the person sitting in front of the living room fire, but he sensed another presence and stopped.Kaleria sat on the edge of the red couch, staring blankly into the flames. Her back was stiff, while her hands were clasped in her lap. Thorin noticed her brown hair hanging loose across her shoulders and creating a curtain on either side of her face. She didn't look like the woman he had rescued from the orcs. She looked broken in a way he recognized from looking in the mirror after the death of his grandfather and father, and most of his people."Are you going to stare at me all night?" Kaleria spoke, but kept her eyes on the fire.He entered the room and stood where he thought she could see him from her peripheral vision. "I apologize. I did not mean to stare. I returned late from my meeting and I was surprised to see you still awake.""What was your meeting about?" Her words were hollow as if she didn't care about his answer."I met with the other leaders, and we decided to leave for Erebor in three days.""Good," she nodded slowly, "I will be ready to leave by then."Thorin furrowed his brow. "You're coming to Erebor?""It was the last wish of my father, and I will abide by it." She replied."You do not have to rush. I can stay behind to help you settle your father's estate." He offered."No." Kaleria turned to face him finally, and Thorin saw the tears brimming in her eyes as she tried to gather her strength. "I've sent word to my cousin, and he will be here soon. There is nothing left for me here."Kaleria returned her gaze to the fire, a single tear rolling down her cheek.Thorin wanted to comfort her as he did earlier, but propriety anchored his feet to the floor. Instead, he offered his support through his words."I will escort you to Erebor, and I promise to help you in any way that I can. You have my word." Thorin gave a slight bow as an indication of his promise."Thank you, Thorin." Kaleria replied, softly, her voice strained by her sadness.Thorin realized their conversation was over. "Goodnight, Kaleria."He didn't wait for a reply as he walked out of the room, leaving Kaleria crying on the couch. It pained him to leave her there to deal with her grief on her own, but since she was unsupervised, and he was a male guest in her home, he forced himself to return to his room. The only thought that brought Thorin peace was knowing he would begin his return to Erebor in three days time. He hoped Erebor could return Kaleria's happiness, now that he knew she was going with him.

 Prev  id='storytext'>A/N: Apparently I need to clarify a few things for my story. 1) This is an alternate universe where Thorin survives the battle of the five armies. I'm sorry for not making that more clear. 2) Though it seems like Thorin survived the dragon sickness in BOTFA, my story makes it seem like he has continuing symptoms.Thank you for reading and dealing with my delays. I was stuck on a future plot, so I had to take some time to organize everything before continuing the story. I hope to be update more regularly. Please enjoy chapter 6! Don't forget to follow, favorite, read, and review!Two days after his death, Lord Marzel was buried in a stone tomb and laid to rest in the family crypt. Thorin attended the funeral along with most of the village, and some of the men from Erebor, to pay their respects. Impressed by the turn out, Thorin knew it was due to Lord Marzel's amazing leadership and kindness. He hoped Marzel could see how many dwarves loved him from his place on the other side.During the ceremony, Thorin couldn't help his eyes from traveling to Kaleria. Her face showed no sign of sadness. Her shoulders were back and she stood up straight at the front of the group. She held a single white wild flower between her hands, and when the time came, she placed the flower on her father's tomb, then led the procession away.Thorin admired her strength at a difficult time. Kaleria's lack of emotion was not a reflection of her lack of care for her father. He had seen her cry over her father, and Thorin knew how much she loved him. He kept his eyes on her as she walked by him. Her eyes focused ahead of her, ignoring the looks of all the people she passed and her strength never wavering.The next day, the village bustled with excitement and nerves as the people leaving for Erebor prepared to depart for the lonely mountain. Thorin stood in the stables of Marzel's house saddling his pony for the beginning of the long journey. The trip would take longer now that he had twice as many people in his caravan, but the length didn't bother him. His priority was the protection of his people, and delaying their arrival a few days to keep everyone healthy was a necessary sacrifice.Leading his pony outside, Thorin saw Kaleria checking the saddle on her pony. The top half of her hair had been french braided back, then tied into a ponytail with smaller braids within. She had abandoned her mourning clothes, and wore a knee length tunic, a pair of breeches, riding boots, and a large coat Thorin assumed was her father's. She no longer looked sad. Thorin approached her."Are you ready for a long journey?" He asked, stopping beside her.Kaleria faced him. "Probably more so than a king who has been pampered since his arrival." She smirked at him, then focused once more on the cinch of her saddle.Thorin eyed her. "Are you implying I'm soft?""I would never say that about the King of Erebor." She shook her head, but couldn't contain the smile that broke on her face."Of course not." He smiled.Kaleria looked past him toward the crowd of people waiting to depart. "Shouldn't you be at the gate? I was under the impression you were leading this venture.""I was on my way there, when I saw you. Where will you be riding?"Her eyebrow raised in question. "Why do you ask, King Thorin?"He leaned in to speak. "So I can keep my eye on you. I can't have you spreading rumors that the King of Erebor is soft."Kaleria held his gaze and smiled. "I wouldn't dare."Thorin chuckled as he straightened. "Try to keep up, Lady Kaleria.""Yes, my king." Kaleria bowed her head slightly.Thorin swung up into the saddle of his pony and trotted to the front of the group where his advisors were already gathered. Kaleria watched him ride away, in awe of the power that seemed to radiate from him. Though she knew he was a king, it was only because she had been given the opportunity to observe him that she recognized when he was king under the mountain and when he was Thorin. At dinner with her father he was Thorin, but now, sitting atop his pony in front of the crowd he was the king.Kaleria removed her attention from Thorin and looked at her family home standing proudly in the morning sun. Her cousin had sent word to tell her he would take care of the house, but Kaleria knew it would be different. It would no longer be hers. She committed the image of every stone to her memory, then she mounted her horse and joined the caravan.At the gate, Thorin cleared his throat before beginning to speak."People of the Blue Mountains. Today you embark on a journey to a home once lost. Today you become a part of a once prosperous city, that will soon be again. Today you join the people of Erebor!" His voice carried across the crowd in a deep rumble.The people erupted in a cheer of excitement, filling the crowd with a buzz for adventure. The cheering died down only slightly as dwarves mounted their ponies, or climbed onto their wagons. Thorin kicked his pony forward, away from the village, and the group departed toward Erebor.The first few weeks of the journey passed easily like a fallen leaf floating downstream without obstruction. Though the caravan was large, the group remained close which allowed the days to pass by more quickly. They rarely had to stop for breaks, or repairs, and they were making great time toward Erebor.The group marched across the land spending most hours of the day walking, until finding a place to set up camp for a nice evening meal. Fires appeared all across the campsite, leaving enough light for one to walk between the tents without tripping. A large fire was usually built in the middle of camp, and the dwarves who knew how to play instruments started a band and entertained the children.Kaleria enjoyed watching the children dance and flail to the rhythms the musicians produced. The children lacked the coordination to remain on beat, but they made up for it in their enthusiasm. She had always liked the celebrations in the Blue Mountains, once people found things to celebrate. The first few years after the fall of Erebor lacked any music or dancing. But as the years went on, people found reasons to start large parties for the entire village. Her father insisted on creating more festivals to give the people something to look forward to, and they didn't disappoint.One night after a long day of travel, Kaleria left the beginnings of the dance to fetch more water from the nearby stream, knowing the next few days would be tiring as they crossed one of the large ridges that cut through the land. The group had made a point of staying near water for as long as they could, but some stretches of land were without a source of water, and Kaleria did her best to keep her canteens full. Kaleria cleared the trees, when she saw a familiar figure standing on the bank."I see I'm not the only one who decided to fetch more water." She spoke as she approached Thorin.His back was to her, and all she could see was the outline of his figure against the reflecting water. He had removed his traveling coat and stood at the edge of the water in his tunic, pants, and boots. She noticed his shoulders seemed rigid."It will be a hard few days. Someone will need more water." He replied without turning around.Kaleria stopped beside him and looked at the side of his face. "Will you be dancing later? I'm sure the children would love to dance with their king.""No, I don't think I will." Thorin closed his eyes and balled his fists."Oh, come on. They would love it." Kaleria pushed, leaning forward to get a better look at his face."I said no!" He bellowed, facing her quickly and towering over her.Kaleria flinched at his sudden outburst. She had heard him yell to gain the attention of his people, but she had never heard him yell in anger.Thorin's eyes were dark, not bright like their usual blue. His face, covered in a sheen of sweat, glistened as the light of the fire illuminated him.Suddenly, realization passed over him of who he had yelled at and for what reason. Thorin backed away from her, wiping a large hand across his face. Kaleria watched him take a deep breath before he faced her again."I'm sorry," he said. "Please, forgive me."Without another word, Thorin walked away from Kaleria and back toward his tent. She watched him leave, confused by his outburst, but concerned about his mental state. She knew he was under a lot of pressure to keep the people safe as they returned to Erebor, but she thought he was stronger than that. He had faced the dragon Smaug and flushed him from the mountain, surely he could handle families traveling across the mountains.Kaleria didn't know what was wrong with Thorin, but she hoped returning to his home would put his mind at ease.

 Prev  id='storytext'>The caravan had spent days crossing the hard ridge that marked the end of the Blue Mountains and the beginning of the flatland that expanded to Mirkwood. The soldiers, who were used to pushing through the tough terrain in a few hours had to slow their pace to help the wagons over the rocks that broke up the path. Thorin spent most of his time leading the group forward before doubling back to make sure each dwarf made it across a particularly difficult spot in the path. He would sit on his pony to the side watching as each dwarf crossed in front of him, or directing his men to help ones who couldn't make it.Now, he sat to the side of the path watching the group cross, when Kaleria came into his line of vision. Thorin had not spoken to her since his outburst near the stream. Their paths had not crossed during any of the journey, or the stops. He assumed she was avoiding him.Kaleria met his gaze and gave him a small smile as she rode past him. She steered her pony to follow those in front of her and conversed easily with those beside her. Though Thorin saw her smile, he knew he needed to apologize.Thorin kicked his pony to catch up with hers, slowing to match her speed once he was beside her."Hello, my king." She greeted with a nod of her head."Lady Kaleria," he bowed his head in return, "may I have a word?""Of course," she replied.Thorin moved his pony away from the group and she followed. They rode just beyond the edge of the crowd, far enough away to have a private conversation. He didn't know how to start, but luckily he didn't have to."Are you alright, Thorin?" Kaleria asked, turning her head to look at him.He wasn't sure why, but he liked that she used his name instead of his title."I owe you an apology." Thorin met her eyes. "The other night by the stream I was...I...was not myself. I snapped at you for no reason, and I apologize for my behavior." He watched her as she listened. Her face gave away nothing, and he worried she was more angry than he had anticipated."I appreciate your apology, but I was not offended by your outburst." Kaleria's face softened into a kind smile. "I assumed, like the rest of us, you were worn out, and I happened to find you at a bad time.""So you haven't been avoiding me these past few days?" He questioned.Kaleria laughed and looked away from his gaze. "Perhaps the first day I avoided you, but the rest was poor timing on both our parts. I never seemed to run into you, and you never seemed to run into me."Although he didn't deserve it, Thorin appreciated her honesty. Many dwarves would have told him what they thought he wanted to hear, but, refreshingly, Kaleria didn't pretend to preserve his feelings."I would like to amend for my poor timing. May I ride with you for a portion of our journey today?" Thorin gave her the option to deny him, fully expecting her to tell him no.Kaleria thought over his proposition. "As long as you can keep up."Before Thorin could question her meaning, Kaleria kicked her pony into a trot and then a gallop as she raced toward the front of the caravan. Thorin wasted no time bringing his pony up to speed, and chasing after her across the plain.That night the fires were burning brighter, and the food smelled better, and the caravan celebrated the small victory of making it to the flat lands between the Blue Mountains and Erebor. The main fire reached the height of a tree, the flames stretching toward the sky as if trying to set the stars on fire. Many gathered around the main fire to enjoy their dinner, acting more like the community they were used to being. Kaleria sat with a couple she knew well from the Blue Mountains.Valdrus and his wife Hedina were friends of Kaleria's, and a happily married couple for almost fifteen years. Though Kaleria was a few years older than Hedina, they became fast friends, and Kaleria became the older sister Hedina never had. Hedina was shorter than Kaleria and had bright blonde hair that almost looked white in the midday sun. When Kaleria told Hedina she would be moving to Erebor, Hedina couldn't hide her excitement at having her friend move with her.They sat around their own fire enjoying the music coming from the main group and eating the soup Hedina had made for their small gathering. Kaleria sat across from Hedina and Valdrus, who shared a bench Valdrus had carved for their wedding feast. Like they had at their wedding, Hedina and Valdrus sat close together, an example of how in love they were after nearly two decades together."Do you think the journey will be easier now that we are out of the mountains?" Hedina asked, looking from Kaleria to her husband."Ha! It is bound to be easier. We shall be in Erebor by the end of next week." Valdrus exclaimed. He was a large dwarf with thick arms and legs to match his barrel sized torso. His dark brown beard flowed down to his belly button, and his equally long hair was tied back from his face in braided pieces gathered into a bun the size of a bowl at the base of his neck.Kaleria didn't consider him very handsome, but he made up for it with his over the top personality. Valdrus could make anyone laugh, and his stories grew better the more ale he had consumed."I appreciate your enthusiasm, Valdrus, but I don't think our journey will be that quick. From what I understand, we are less than halfway to Erebor." Kaleria informed him, watching his smile collapse into a frown."Not halfway? How long is this journey?" He complained."The company of Thorin Oakenshield took almost six months to reach the mountain, although they had a few delays in their travels. I imagine we have at least three more months of traveling." Kaleria revealed.Valdrus began to reply, but Hedina interrupted him. "I'm sure our journey will go more smoothly. King Thorin seems like a capable dwarf." Hedina eyed Kaleria.Kaleria stared at her friend. "Why are you looking at me like that?""Well, you did host the king during his stay. You probably got to know him very well." Hedina smiled, suggestively.Kaleria rolled her eyes. "I know him well enough to say he is very capable of leading our caravan to Erebor.""That's it? That's all you're going to say?""What would you like me to say, Hedina?"Hedina looked toward the main fire where the majority of the people had gathered, and Kaleria followed her gaze. Thorin stood off to one side with some of his men, watching the children dance."For starters you could say how handsome he is," replied Hedina.Valdrus snapped his attention to his wife. "Who's handsome?"Hedina patted his arm. "No one is more handsome than you, my dear. I was merely observing how good Kaleria would look with King Thorin.""Oh," Valdrus looked at the king, "that I can agree with."Kaleria shook her head. "Thank you, Valdrus, but I am not interested in the king.""Why not?" Hedina asked, sounding disappointed."Because I am not interested in finding a husband. I need to focus on how I plan to support myself in Erebor." Stirring her spoon in her soup, Kaleria realized she didn't have a plan once she arrived in Erebor. Though her father had made Thorin promise to help her, Kaleria didn't want to be indebted to the king for the rest of her life.Hedina began to press her friend further, when Valdrus elbowed her in the arm, bringing her attention to the person who had walked up to their fire."Good evening," said Thorin, standing at the edge of their circle. "I wanted to check on you and see how you're faring at this point in our journey."Kaleria sat up quickly, almost tossing her bowl to the ground in the process.Thorin noticed her reaction. "I did not mean to startle you.""No, no. I was lost in thought, and I didn't hear you walk up," said Kaleria."I will try to announce myself more clearly in the future." To others, Thorin's expression remained straight, but Kaleria noticed the slight upturn of his lips after spending so many weeks together.They stared at each other for a long moment, before Hedina intervened."King Thorin, it is a pleasure to have you at our fire. Won't you sit down?" She pointed to another stool like the one Kaleria was sitting on.Thorin looked away from Kaleria to address Hedina. "No, thank you. I have other families to check on before the night grows too old. Do you need any help, or more supplies?""No, sir. I believe we have all that we need." Hedina answered."I am glad to hear it, my lady." Thorin nodded."I am Hedina," she supplied. "And this is my husband, Valdrus.""A pleasure to meet you both. Let me know if you need anything."Valdrus cleared his throat, hinting at his need to speak with Thorin. "I have a question, sir. I thought we were at the halfway point in our journey, but how far are we exactly?""We are not quite halfway. We are making better time than I did the first time I traveled to Erebor, but we won't reach halfway for another two, or so weeks." Thorin said, looking at Valdrus, who glanced at Kaleria to see her smirking."Thank you for clarifying, sir. Kaleria told me we were not halfway, but I didn't believe her. My mistake." Valdrus grumbled.Thorin looked at Kaleria. "Maybe you should be leading the group, since you know the map better than I do."Kaleria smiled. "I am sure your people would much rather have you at the lead."Thorin scratched the toe of his boot in the dirt. "I am not sure about that.""I am," said Hedina. "You are very thoughtful to check on all of us. Some kings wouldn't do that, especially on a long journey.""Thank you. If you need anything, let me or one of my advisors know, and it will be taken care of.""Thank you, sir," said Hedina."Good night, Valdrus. Hedina." Thorin bowed his head to both of them before turning to Kaleria. "Good night, Lady Kaleria."He bowed to her, then his blue eyes caught her brown ones and they both froze. Thorin stared at her a long time before he forced himself to turn away, and move on to the next family.Kaleria watched him leave, her eyes stuck on his disappearing form. When she faced her friends once more, Hedina smiled at her. Kaleria knew what Hedina was thinking, but Kaleria had no intention of chasing after the king. Being unmarried at her age was unusual for her people, but Kaleria didn't mind. In the Blue Mountains, she had spent most of her time caring for her father. She was not interested in the men from home, and she expected the men from Erebor were not much different.

 Prev  id='storytext'>The caravan reached the edge of the Mirkwood, marking the halfway point of their journey; it also marked the fifth consecutive day of rain. The constant fall of water had drenched their clothes within the first day, and made it unreasonable to change clothing for fear of getting more clothes wet and muddy. The wagons cut deep ruts into the road as they traveled, making it more difficult for each following wagon. Soaked and miserable, the dwarves pressed on toward their new home. The dark weather made the promise of Erebor even more exciting, if only to escape the rain, and find safety within the mountain.The group had settled down for the night in a dense part of the forest with the trees slowing the rainfall enough to be bearable. Cured meats and other foods that didn't need to be cooked were the only form of nourishment, though it wasn't satisfying. While the adults were grumpy because of the ensuing rain, the children seemed undeterred by the extra water, and found happiness playing in puddles and chasing each other between the trees. A few boys had found long sticks and pretended they were swords as they rushed at each other. Their screams of joy wore Thorin's patience thin.He sat in a circle with a few other men drinking ale and sulking in the poor weather."Why must they scream?" Thorin rubbed his forehead, irritated at the noises around him."They're having a bit of fun." A dwarf across from him answered."They should be in bed." Thorin complained, though the hour was not late enough to warrant sending the children to bed.The children continued to run around in between groups of adults, fighting and making noise. One child threw a rock at another, but it sailed past his intended target and struck Thorin in the back.The children froze as Thorin got to his feet."This is not a time for games," he growled."We were only playing," said a child near Thorin, waving the stick in his hand like a sword."You think playing with sword's is fun?" Thorin grabbed the hilt of his sword as he stepped toward the child. "I'll show you fun!""Thorin, stop!" Kaleria stepped between the king and the child. She held her arms out to her side, protecting the child, while her eyes glared hard at the king.Thorin looked from Kaleria to the child, and he recognized the fear on the childs' face. His eyes traveled back to Kaleria, and his mind cleared as he realized what he had done.Releasing his sword, Thorin took a breath and relaxed his stance. He scanned the faces around him. Some of the women had moved toward their children, while some of the men held onto their swords, waiting for a reason to use it. Thorin knew he had to get away, and he stormed off into the woods, disappearing between the trees.Kaleria watched him leave, knowing something wasn't right with their king. He would never pull a sword on a child. She assumed this display related to the one she had witnessed by the stream, but she needed to calm the people before she could ask him about it."Like all of us," she began, "King Thorin is tired of this rain. I'm certain he meant no harm. Please, do what you can to be comfortable, and settle in for the night."Kaleria watched as the people slowly went back to talking like normal and setting their beds for the night. Soon, she stood still in the middle of a sea of moving bodies. She turned her head to see Hedina approaching her."What was that about?" She asked once she was close enough."I'm not sure." Kaleria shook her head. "He had an outburst like that a few weeks ago, but I was the only who saw it.""Will he be okay?" Hedina looked where Thorin had disappeared.Kaleria followed her gaze. "I don't know. I'll go check on him."She took a step, but Hedina's hand on her arm stopped her."Be careful, Kaleria." Hedina gave her a warning look."I'll be okay." Kaleria moved to chase after Thorin.In the dim light of the wet forest, it was hard to see beyond a few feet in front of her. Kaleria walked for a long time, scanning the trees for movement. Finally, she could make out his silhouette sitting on a fallen tree. She moved around the base of the tree, stopping within his line of vision, but just out of his reach."What did you tell them?" He asked, not meeting her gaze."I told them you didn't like it when your hair got wet." She said, dryly.Thorin snorted, but made no other reply.Kaleria stepped forward, taking a seat beside him on the wet log. "I told them you're a dwarf like any of us, and you're tired of all this rain."Thorin nodded. "That's a good answer they can believe."Kaleria studied his face. "Are you going to tell me the real answer?"He glanced at her. His face gave away nothing, but his eyes told her he needed to tell someone something important.Kaleria leaned forward to get a better look at his face through the rain. "Thorin, you can't lock away all of your pain. You don't have to tell me everything, but tell me enough to help me understand."Thorin felt her eyes searching him, pleading for an answer to her questions. He shouldn't tell her; he knew that. Telling her that the closer he got to home the closer he got to the brink of madness would only make her doubt him as a leader. Thorin didn't want to be defined by the sickness that plagued his family.Finally, the silence of the forest in the steady drizzle and her intense stare became too much and he began to speak."In Erebor, before the dragon, my grandfather suffered from dragon sickness, a curse that haunts my family. He became so blinded by greed he forgot the more important things: safety, leadership, family." Thorin stared at the tree in front of him, drawing strength from its sturdiness."When my company reclaimed Erebor, I began suffering from the same sickness. I nearly killed my nephews and my friends. All because I thought protecting the gold was more important. I thought I had overcome it, but there are moments when it controls me." He looked at her. "The closer we get to Erebor, the more I feel it's power."Kaleria listened to his confession, noticing the relief that spread through his body as the words had finally been released. She looked at the dwarf in front of her, knowing he only wanted to be the best version of himself and serve his people well. She knew Thorin wasn't one to give up."Thorin, I don't know much about you," she looked at the raindrops collecting in his hair, then back to his face, "but what I do know is you're stronger than any curse. A dwarf who can be brought to the edge of hopelessness, and still believe all is not lost, is not a dwarf to be easily beaten by a curse." Kaleria took his hand, and squeezed it hard.Thorin stared at their joined hands. "I appreciate your faith in me.""You're welcome," replied Kaleria.Thorin met her eyes in the near darkness. He stared into her brown eyes, suddenly aware of how bright the colors were, a rim of dark brown surrounding a pool of caramel.Kaleria couldn't describe his look, but it made her uncomfortable."We should get back to camp." She tried to stand, but he pulled her back."Do you mind sitting here with me for a moment?" He asked.Kaleris took her seat and squeezed his hand. "It would be my honor, my king."He smiled. "I thought I told you to call me Thorin?""But it's more fun to throw your title around. It makes you seem important." She smirked.He gave a short laugh. "Oh, so I'm usually unimportant?""You're just another dwarf with a sword." She said, flippantly."I'll tell you a secret," he leaned in, "I'm not like other dwarves."Kaleria eyed him. "You certainly are not."They stared at each other for a long time. Neither one knew what would happen if they looked away. Thorin assumed if he even blinked she would disappear, for a dwarrowdam like Kaleria couldn't be real. Kaleria knew they had been sitting too long, and staring at each other even longer. At that moment she noticed a change around them and broke the spell."The rain stopped."Thorin looked up to see the drops of water falling from the trees above them. "It appears our luck is changing."Kaleria smiled. "So it has."After the rain had stopped, Thorin and Kaleria returned to the campsite to find most of the dwarves in their tents for the night. Thorin bid her good night and walked toward his tent near the other nobles. Kaleria walked in the other direction toward her tent next to Valdrus and Hedina.She lit a candle in her lantern and took a seat on her bedroll. Every night Kaleria would record their journey so far, hoping to remember where she came from, while looking forward to where she was going. She opened the journal only to have a loose piece of folded paper fall from the pages. Kaleria unfolded the page to see the portrait of her father, drawn by a servant as a birthday present for Lord Marzel.Not only was she far from home, but today marked four months since her father's passing. Kaleria had ignored the urge to miss him, looking forward to seeing her people prosper in Erebor. Her father had always told her to think of the people and their happiness, when making decisions for their village. That's all Kaleria had done since leaving the Blue Mountains. Though she wasn't in charge, she made decisions for how she would travel based on the needs of others.Now that she had time to reflect on how long she had been gone, she realized how much she missed him. The first nights after he had passed, Kaleria had allowed herself to grieve; but, since the start of their journey, Kaleria had diverted her focus to helping those around her. Between helping the families with young children, the elderly, Hedina and Valdrus, even Thorin, Kaleria had never spared a moment for herself.A tear escaped her eye, sliding down her cheek like the raindrops that covered the leaves of the trees. The heartache from losing her father rushed forward, and Kaleria began to break down into sobs, a release of emotion that had been bottled up for months.Tossing the journal toward her bag, Kaleria didn't attempt to finish writing down the events of the day. Instead, she curled onto her side in her bed roll, and cried once again for the loss of her father. She stared at his portrait, trying to remember the sound of his laugh."I miss you, papa." She spoke to the picture. "I didn't expect you to be gone from me so quickly. I wish you had told me of your illness before it was too late."She touched the edge of his cheek on the page, waiting for him to reply to her, but knowing his voice would never come."I wish you were here with me. Your stories would entertain the entire caravan." She smiled at the memory of him sharing a story with a crowd. "We could use one of your famous cheering up stories right now."The candle flickered, hinting at the lateness of the hour."I hope you're watching over me on this journey, for you would love the views I've seen." She brought the paper to her lips and kissed his image. "I love you, papa. I can't wait for you to see Erebor."Tucking the paper under her pillow, Kaleria cuddled deeper into her bed roll. She thought about her father as she tried to fall asleep. Soon, she was dreaming about riding her pony across the open plain, her father riding beside her.A/N: Thank you for continuing to read my story! I've written a few chapters ahead and I like the direction this story is going. What are you liking so far? Do you like my OC's? What would you like to see happen?

 Prev  id='storytext'>The next morning the rain had cleared and the sun rose like a bright yellow ball, illuminating the forest floor through the dense leaves above. The people bounced around camp, smiling and laughing as they finished breakfast and started packing their gear to continue their journey. To keep them occupied, the children were tasked with collecting firewood and placing it to dry in the back of some of the wagons. The adults appreciated the distraction, allowing them time to organize their equipment.Kaleria helped Valdrus and Hedina repack their wagon to distribute the weight evenly for their team of ponies. They had cleared everything out of the wagon and made sure it was dry before putting it back.Valdrus stared at the chests and bags before him. "This will be much better."Hedina observed the wagon. "It looks great, dear. Except you forgot the cooking supplies by the fire.""What?" Valdrus turned and saw the chest of cooking supplies sitting a few yards away near the fire."It's alright, Valdrus," said Kaleria. "You make a spot for the chest and I'll bring it to you."Valdrus huffed, then he hoisted himself into the back of the wagon to move the cargo once more. Hedina stood at the side of the wagon pointing to where she thought the items should be moved.Kaleria walked over to pick up the cooking chest, and realized it was slightly heavier than she had anticipated when she tried to lift it. She braced it against her hip with her arms locked out, trying to support the weight. Kaleria made it a few steps before her hand slipped and the chest hit the ground, spilling its contents. Cast iron pots and pans and metal plates and cups clanged together as they bounced off one another, and the utensils clattered against the solid ground. Kaleria bent down quickly to gather the items."Let me help you with that." Before she could protest, a hand appeared in her line of vision, picking up the scattered items."Thank you," said Kaleria, looking up to see a male dwarf.The first thing she noticed was the bright red hair. The auburn color held golden pieces that made it look like his hair was on fire when the rays of sun peeking through the trees touched his head. His hair was parted slightly to the right of the center of his head and his long bangs hung across the left side of his face, stopping just even to the end of his nose. Behind the bangs a single braid started at the top of his head, hung in front of his ear, and joined the rest of his shoulder length curls.His hazel eyes were a kaleidoscope mixture of dark green and brown flecks, with dark lashes surrounding them. He had a wide mouth set between his moustache and a beard that hung down past his collarbone. It was only as she was admiring his mouth that she realized he was trying to speak to her."I am sorry. What did you say?" Kaleria asked, her cheeks growing hot.He smiled. "I asked if you needed help carrying this to your wagon?"Kaleria looked down at the chest, its contents returned and shut within. She looked back at the dwarf in front of her."Yes, please. It's the wagon right there." She stood as she pointed to Valdrus and Hedina still arguing over where to place each item.The dwarf in front of her got to his feet, holding the chest in front of him. Now that he was standing, Kaleria took a moment to study him further. He was a tall dwarf, with a broad chest and a tapered waist attached to muscular legs and large feet.She noticed he hadn't moved yet, and she realized he was waiting for her to lead the way. Kaleria walked in front of him toward her wagon, glad to have a moment to compose herself. They reached the end of the wagon and the dwarf addressed Valdrus."Excuse me, but this lady was carrying this chest in this direction and I offered to help her. Where would you like me to set it?"Valdrus turned. "I think I have a place for it right here. Thanks for your help, mate." He took the chest from the dwarf and returned to his discussion with Hedina as he tried to place it.Kaleria took a few steps away from the wagon to give the married couple their space. The dwarf followed her.He gestured toward them. "They're a rowdy pair. I bet they're entertaining to travel with."Kaleria snorted. "They do make every day interesting."The dwarf smiled, then, like he realized he had forgotten something, he stood up straight with a jolt. "I am terribly sorry. I haven't given you my name. I am Brerrick, son of Tevik." He bowed his head to her."I am Kaleria, daughter of Marzel." She curtseyed.Brerrick met her eyes. "Marzel? As in Lord Marzel?""Yes." Kaleria's smile faded slightly."I am deeply sorry for your loss, my lady. Your father was very gracious to my family. We owe him our thanks." Brerrick's eyes softened as he spoke of her father."I am sorry, but I do not recognize your family name," said Kaleria.Brerrick shrugged. "That's alright. We live on the edge of your village in the Blue Mountains and my father hadn't spoken to your father in person in many years.""I see," Kaleria nodded. "Then I am glad to have met you on this journey. I like knowing the impact my father had on other families.""He was a great dwarf," replied Brerrick.At that moment, the horn rang out the warning of the impending departure of the caravan. Many dwarves mounted their ponies and wagons, preparing for the next leg of the journey.Brerrick looked around at the others on their ponies, then back to Kaleria. "It looks like I need to return to my pony.""So it seems." Kaleria stirred the toe of her boot in the grass."Lady Kaleria, would it be alright if I joined your group for dinner this evening?" He asked."Of course. One cannot pass up the opportunity to make new friends on a journey such as this.""Good," Brerrick took her hand and kissed her knuckles, "until tonight, my lady."He released her hand and started walking through the crowd toward his pony. Kaleria watched him leave, and was oblivious to the person standing beside her until Hedina spoke."He's handsome. What's his name?" She asked.Kaleria jumped at the sound of her friend's voice, then composed herself. "His name is Brerrick. His father knew my father.""But you've never seen him before?""No. I haven't.""Are you going to see him again?" Hedina questioned, excitement bubbling over in her voice."He is joining us for dinner tonight."Hedina squealed and grabbed Kaleria's arm. "This is perfect. A new home and a new romance. I can already see your wedding dress."Kaleria laughed as she peeled her arm away from her friend. "I just met him. Let's not rush to a wedding anytime soon.""If you say so," Hedina complied. "But I am going to question him at dinner and there is nothing you can do about it."Kaleria shook her head as she stepped away from her friend and toward her pony. She mounted quickly and rode alongside Valdrus and Hedina's wagon as they fell into the line of the caravan. She tried not to look for Brerrick in the crowd, but her eyes paused on every glance of red, hoping to recognize him.Like his fellow dwarves, the brightness of the sun after so many days of rain put Thorin in a better mood. He laughed with a few of his men as they ate breakfast, and told stories from their other journeys. Soon it was time to pack up, and Thorin made sure all his equipment was put away before supervising other dwarves. He moved around the camp, helping when he could, and observing how excited everyone seemed to be closer to Erebor.He had just helped a family load their firewood, when he heard a crash a few yards away. Thorin turned to see what had happened, and spotted Kaleria bending down to pick up the items that had spilled from the chest she dropped. He took a step in her direction, but stopped when a redheaded dwarf bent down next to her to help.The dwarf put everything back in the chest and closed the lid, making sure it was locked. Thorin noticed Kaleria staring at the dwarf helping her, but he couldn't read her expression from his position. He watched as they both stood up, then Kaleria began walking to her wagon, a small smile on her lips. The dwarf followed, carrying her chest, and he handed it over to Valdrus once they reached the wagon.Kaleria stepped away from the wagon with the other dwarf a step behind her. Thorin took a few steps to his left to see them better. He watched the dwarf bow, Thorin assumed he told her his name, and they talked for a few moments. The horn rang out and as many people moved to mount their ponies, Thorin remained still, his eyes on Kaleria and the mystery dwarf.The dwarf faced Kaleria again and spoke a few more words. When the dwarf grabbed her hand, Thorin grew stiff, and when the dwarf kissed her hand, Thorin's fists clenched at his side. The dwarf turned, leaving Kaleria by herself, but she continued to watch the dwarf walking away from her.Thorin wanted to turn away, but something anchored his feet to the ground, forcing his eyes to remain on Kaleria. He watched Hedina approach her and the women began speaking. It was Hedina's excited squeal that finally released Thorin from his spot, and he stomped back toward his pony.He mounted quickly and yanked the reins to force his pony in the right direction. The other dwarves who rode at the front with him, jumped onto their mounts and started after the king to catch up. The entire caravan picked up their pace with most of the dwarves thinking the good weather invigorated the king to go faster, but only Thorin knew that he was moving faster to maintain a distance between himself and Kaleria.

 Prev  id='storytext'>Chapter 10By the end of the day, the caravan was still trapped within the trees of the forest, but closer to Erebor than they had ever been. The group settled down for the night near the river, and fires were lit across the forest floor. It was the first time in six days that they were able to cook a warm meal, and every dwarf celebrated.Hedina stood next to the cast iron pan over the fire, flipping the pieces of lamb she had laid out, while Valdrus sharpened his dagger and the knife Hedina had used to cut the meat.Kaleria sat on a stool opposite from Hedina. "Those smell great.""I was thinking about these all day. I could barely keep my mouth from watering," said Hedina."I love your cooking, dear," said Valdrus. "I especially love your oxen fillets on that bread you make. I wish we had that." He rubbed his stomach as he thought about his favorite meal.Hedina laughed as she pulled the lamb chops out of the pan. "Once we settle in Erebor, I'll be glad to make you some."Hedina positioned all the food on a small table near the fire, and gestured for Valdrus and Kaleria to fill their plates. Soon all three of them had food on their plates and returned to their seats."This looks amazing, Hedina," said Kaleria, admiring the food."It sure does." A voice said from just behind Kaleria.She turned to see Brerrick standing a few steps behind her."Would you have enough for one more plate?" He asked, waiting to be invited.Kaleria stared at him, unable to come up with a reply. Thankfully Hedina didn't need a moment to find her words."Yes, of course," Hedina set her plate down and grabbed a fresh one, "please, help yourself, and I'll get you a seat." She handed him the plate, then went to the back of the wagon to grab the extra stool. Hedina placed it as close as she could to Kaleria without making it too obvious that she wanted Brerrick to be close to her.He filled his plate and sat down in the offered seat, flashing a smile toward Kaleria when he noticed how close they were.Valdrus, who had been busy stuffing his face, looked up to see someone had joined them. "Oh, it's you. Thanks for carrying that chest earlier. I didn't realize how heavy it was when Kaleria offered to fetch it.""You're welcome. I am Brerrick, son of Tevik. At your service." Brerrick bowed his head.Kaleria came out of her daze at the mention of her name. "I'm sorry. I have forgotten my manners. Brerrick, this is Valdrus and Hedina. They are great friends of mine.""It is a pleasure to meet you both. Thank you for allowing me to share your meal and your fire." Brerrick smiled.Hedina giggled. "The pleasure is all ours. I love sharing my cooking with others.""And it is impeccable. I have never tasted such delicious food." Brerrick took another mouthful to prove his point.Hedina waved him off. "Oh you're just saying that.""No I mean it. It's wonderful."Hedina giggled once more and Valdrus cocked an eyebrow at her. He had never seen his wife giggle at someone else like that. He watched her as he continued to clean his plate.Kaleria took a sip of water before looking at Brerrick. "Did you travel well today?""Very well," replied Brerrick. "I ride with a group of miners, and they have many stories that will make your sides hurt, but most of them aren't fit for a lady.""I am not so sensitive. I enjoy a good story, especially if it is humorous." Kaleria commented."If I could tell it as they do, I would gladly share, but alas, I don't have the memory for story telling." Brerrick ate another bite of food from his plate."Not everyone is a good storyteller. Valdrus on the other hand, could make anyone laugh." Kaleria looked to her friend, who had stopped chewing, his mouth full of food."Is that right?" Brerrick looked at him. "I would love to hear a story, if you are willing?"Valdrus chewed a few more times, then swallowed. "I might have a tale, or two that I could recite."At the encouragement of the group Valdrus began his tale. He started off slowly, for he hadn't had enough ale to influence his ability. His audience listened intently, knowing the punchline would come at any moment."There once was a hobbit named Basso Littlefoot, and he earned that name because he had wee feet for a hobbit. The other hobbits made fun of him for his little feet, and though he was nearly full grown, Basso had feet the size of a childs. One day, Basso left the shire to find a cure for his little feet. Every person he spoke to told him his feet would grow when they were ready. Discouraged by this news, Basso began his walk home." Valdrus took a long sip of ale to quench his throat."As he was walking past a village," continued Valdrus, "he saw a cobblers shop and decided he would buy some shoes so he didn't have to stare at his little feet. He begged the cobbler to make him a pair of shoes, and he promised to pay for them. The cobbler said he would make the shoes and measured the hobbit's feet. The hobbit promised to return the next day to pay for the shoes. As he ran home, he tripped over a pebble and fell into the creekbed below the path. Everything was soaked, including his feet. Finally, Basso reached his house and prepared his payment for the shoes. He went to bed, excited to receive his new shoes."In the morning, Basso woke up to find his feet feeling sore. Basso assumed it was because of all the walking he had done the day before, and thought nothing more of it. He raced to the cobbler with his payment, his feet bothering him the entire journey. When Basso reached the cobbler he handed over the money, and the cobbler handed over the shoes. Basso's feet were throbbing, but he thought once he put on the shoes he would feel better."Basso slipped his feet into each shoe, and stared at his newly covered feet. His feet pushed against the leather, and as soon as he wiggled his toes, they shot out of the end of the shoe, like a sprout through the dirt. The cobbler stared at his ruined work, but Basso cheered for his fully grown feet. The cobbler threw him out of his shop and swore he would never make another shoe for a hobbit. And that's why hobbits don't wear shoes." Valdrus ended his story by draining the rest of the ale from his cup.Hedina, Kaleria, and Brerrick erupted into laughter at the conclusion of the silly story."Hobbit's are so simple," said Brerrick, still laughing."Have you met a hobbit?" A deep voice said to their right.The group stopped laughing and searched for the owner of the voice. Kaleria didn't have to turn to know who it was.She looked over to see Thorin standing a few feet from their circle. His eyes were focused on Brerrick sitting next to her. Kaleria shifted her body slightly to create some distance between herself and Brerrick, but her movement, no matter how small it seemed, brought Thorin's eyes to her, and she held his gaze."I have not met a hobbit. Though I hear they can be ridiculous." Brerrick said, trying to earn a laugh.Thorin looked back at him. "They prefer to enjoy the pleasures in life. Some may find that ridiculous, but I find we should all strive to enjoy our lives, even if one must take time to enjoy the pleasures it can bring."Brerrick ducked his head, afraid to offend the king any further. Thorin's eyes found Kaleria's again as they stared at each other through the silence. She didn't know why she was suddenly intimidated by him; she had seen him yell, but this was more shocking."King Thorin," said Hedina, breaking the silence. "Would you like to join our fire? I believe I have enough food to make you a plate."Thorin shook his head. "There is no need. I was simply checking on every one. Get some rest. We will have a hard day tomorrow." He turned to walk away."Thorin," said Kaleria.He faced her. His hands were clasped behind his back, and his mouth was set into a grim line. She didn't know what she wanted to say, or why she thought she needed to say anything. The silence stretched out between them as they stared at each other, unaware of the eyes watching them."Good night." She said, finally.Thorin bowed his head in reply, then walked away. Kaleria couldn't watch him, instead she stared into the fire.Brerrick cleared his throat and rose from his seat. "Thank you for allowing me to join you for dinner. I had a lovely time.""Oh, good. You're welcome to join us anytime." Hedina stood to take his plate and utensils from him."Good night to you all." Brerrick stepped beyond the fire and looked back at Kaleria. "Good night, Kaleria."She forced her eyes up to his and gave a small smile. "Good night, Brerrick."Brerrick walked away toward his traveling group.Kaleria returned her gaze to the fire, watching the flames dance in the slight breeze. She seemed paralyzed after Thorin had seen her with Brerrick. The most frustrating aspect was that it bothered her that Thorin had seen them together, though she had no attachment to either dwarf. Both of them were her friends, and that's all that needed to be said.After cleaning her plate, Kaleria excused herself to her tent, and crashed onto her bedroll. She tried not to think about either of them, and she was successful until she fell asleep and dreamed of blue eyes staring into her soul.A/N: I made up the hobbit story just to get Brerrick and Thorin off to a rocky start. I love that Thorin and Bilbo became friends, and I wanted to respect that by having him stand up for hobbits now that he knows one. Let me know what you think!

 Prev  id='storytext'>Unable to sleep any longer, Kaleria woke early the next morning. She laid in her bed, hoping to fall back asleep, but her mind was active and her body couldn't relax. She sat up and lit a candle to see by as she prepared for the day. She brushed out her long, cinnamon hair, braiding it back in one single braid. Though the morning was chilly, Kaleria dressed only in a knee length tunic, leggings, and her boots. She belted her sword across her hips, and left her tent.The sun barely crested over the horizon and the morning fog casted a grayish light upon the forest. Kaleria moved between the tents, searching for a clearing beyond the caravan; an unknown pressure had built up in her chest, and Kaleria needed a place to breathe deeply and relax.The dwarf guarding the perimeter of the camp watched her approach, a puff of smoke drifting around his head from the pipe in his mouth.She addressed him. "I am going for a walk. I won't be long.""It's dangerous out there, miss." He replied, adjusting the pipe and blowing another puff of smoke.Kaleria showed him her sword. "Why do you think I have this?""Very well. Don't take too long." The dwarf settled more comfortably on the log he was sitting on, and turned away from Kaleria.She continued further into the woods, high stepping through the underbrush as she distanced herself from the camp.Finally, a clearing opened before her about ten yards in diameter, and Kaleria stopped in the middle. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath of the morning air. When she opened them again, she felt a little calmer. Kaleria drew her sword, admiring the sharpened blade as she raised it.Beginning slowly, Kaleria made strikes and blocks into the open air, warming up her muscles for more complicated moves. Her pace grew quicker, the moves more fierce, and her breathing became heavier. She selected a softwood tree at the edge of the clearing as her target. Kaleria slashed quickly and precisely, making slices into the wood in a deadly pattern. With each slash, the tension in her body grew, and she grunted from the force of her exertion. In one final swipe, she released all her frustration and embedded the sword into the tree.Kaleria let go of the hilt and stepped away, breathing heavily."You'll blunt the blade doing that," said a deep voice behind her.Kaleria sighed, then faced the king under the mountain. "Thank you for your keen observation."She turned back to her sword and yanked it out in one hard pull. She observed the nicks in the blade, ones she could easily fix with a whetstone.Thorin noticed she kept her back toward him. "What brings you out here?""I couldn't sleep." Kaleria sheathed her sword and faced him. "And, I haven't practiced my swordsmanship in a while. My father would be disappointed in my lack of dedication."He smiled. "There was a time when my father would scold me for not practicing.""I can't imagine you not doing exactly what you ought to," remarked Kaleria."I got into my fair share of trouble as a boy." He approached the tree she had practiced on, and studied the marks.Kaleria watched him, though she quickly grew impatient, and her frustration seemed to return, making her cross her arms. "Can I ask why you came out here?"He faced her, taking in her closed off appearance. "The guards informed me you were out here. I came to check that you were alright.""Why don't you ask the tree if I'm alright? I can handle a sword. I told the guard as much." She rolled her eyes and looked away from him."Your ability to defend yourself was not in question. If you are out here to mourn your father, I will leave you in peace."Kaleria relaxed a little, realizing how irritated she probably looked. "Thank you for your concern. I needed to clear my head and the open air seemed like the best place."Thorin studied her a moment. "Have you succeeded in clearing your head?"Kaleria met his eyes, the same eyes that had haunted her dreams all night. She let go of her agitation toward him. "I believe I have.""Good," said Thorin. "I believe we will reach Erebor by the end of the day, and I wouldn't want your first impression ruined by a clouded mind.""Erebor? Truly?""Yes. We shall make it to the lake by midday and be in Erebor by supper." His pride for his home made Thorin cheerful."Then we should return to camp." Kaleria walked past him, back toward the others."Why are you in such a hurry now?" Thorin teased, as he started after her.Kaleria stopped and turned to allow him to catch up. "We must get the king back to Erebor. He has gone entirely too long without a soft bed."Thorin laughed, matching his strides to hers as they walked toward camp. "Wait until you try the beds in Erebor, then you will understand."Kaleria smiled and glanced at him. Whatever she had been worried about before, no longer bothered her.The Lonely Mountain appeared through the mist with the lake stretching from its base as the final obstacle to their journey. The grayish water rose and fell in small waves, a perfect day to cross the lake and end a long journey. A large dock had been constructed along with two barges for the trips to and from the mountain, but they were not large enough to accommodate the amount of dwarves wanting to cross. The caravan was divided into small groups and the barges were loaded with as many articles and dwarves as they could carry before being sent across the lake.Thorin stood on the bank overlooking the progress. He clutched his hands behind his back, and his mouth was set in a firm line. The last of the dwarves were loading their belongings."I thought you would be one of the first across, so you could welcome your people to Erebor." Kaleria walked up the bank and stopped in front of him, smiling.Thorin stared ahead, though he smirked. "I wanted to ensure my people made it across before I joined them. I could question why you are in the last group to cross?"Kaleria shrugged. "I didn't want to take a spot from someone less capable.""How very thoughtful." Thorin met her eyes. "However, you should find a place now before you miss the barge.""I doubt they would leave the King of Erebor standing here on the bank. Besides, Hedina and Valdrus are carrying my things in their wagon, and they have already loaded." Kaleria informed, looking smug.Thorin started to reply, but hoofbeats echoing through the trees stopped him. He turned toward the forest as a group of men appeared, entering the clearing on horseback. Nearly a dozen topped the hill, their clothes looking worn from long stretches of travel. They looked too happy to see a group of dwarves loading their barges."Thorin," said Kaleria from behind him, questioning what to do about their new companions."Get to the barge," he replied over his shoulder."I'm not leaving you here." Kaleria's hand went to her sword."My men are moving toward us as we speak."Kaleria chanced a look behind her where some of the king's guards were already walking up the bank, hands resting casually on their swords.She faced forward. "What do you need me to do?"Thorin turned his head, slightly. "Get everyone on the barges and push off. The rest of us will use the canal boats hidden in the brush."The men started toward them, their horses stepping carefully down the rocky bank. Kaleria didn't move, caught between helping Thorin and helping his people.Thorin met her eyes, commanding her attention. "Kaleria, go." He said, firmly.She held his gaze for a second, then turned and hurried down the bank. The king's guards closed in on Thorin, and she heard the men in horses greet them. Kaleria didn't look back, or try to listen to their conversation.She ran to the end of the dock. "Everyone hurry! We must push off."After she made sure every dwarf was on a barge, Kaleria stepped onto one and helped push off from the dock. The barges were heavy and not made for quick escapes. The dwarves pushed with all their might, making it move slowly across the water.A horse whinnied behind her, and Kaleria turned to see the men attacking Thorin and the other dwarves. A few of the men broke away and raced down the dock to the barges. They dismounted at the end of the dock and jumped aboard.Instantly, Kaleria drew her sword, glad she had re-sharpened it after swinging at the tree. She charged the men, followed by a few other dwarves. The man that came at Kaleria swung his sword down hard at her, but she blocked it easily and moved past him as she forced his sword back. The dwarf behind Kaleria sliced at the man. The man dodged the swipe and returned a blow at the dwarf. The dwarf blocked the man's strike and Kaleria swooped in, stabbing the man. The dwarf shoved him overboard, and he flailed in the water, a pool of red clouding the water around him.The other man on her barge soon met the same fate as his friend, and his body was thrown into the water. Kaleria scanned her surroundings, taking in the chaos around her. Her eyes scanned the bank, and she found Thorin and his men loading into the canal boats. Kaleria turned to the other barge in time to see Hedina being forced over the side and into the water."Hedina!" Kaleria yelled in panic, knowing her friend could barely swim.She stripped off her coat and sword belt to lighten herself. She grabbed the closest object that she knew would float, an oar, threw it into the water, and dove in after it. Surfacing quickly, Kaleria held the oar as she swam toward Hedina, who struggled to stay above water.Kaleria ignored the cold as she focused on her friend. The chill of the water numbed her instantly, but she kept moving. She reached her friend in one final stroke."Hedina, grab the oar." Kaleria wrapped an arm around her friend's waist and held her up until she grabbed the oar.About the time Hedina had taken her first solid breath, an arm reached around Kaleria's neck and pulled her under water.A/N: Let me know what you think! Thank you to all my followers! I'm glad you like my story.

 Prev  id='storytext'>A/N: Sorry for the late update! I hope I didn't leave you in turmoil for too long. Thank you for reading and following my story, and thanks for the awesome reviews!Thorin and his men had dispatched the men on shore within a few minutes of the skirmish starting. They hurried into the smaller boats to catch the barges and help finish off the attack against their people. Thorin could see the clashes taking place on each barge and he hoped he could reach his people in time.A splash brought his attention to one barge where he saw Kaleria standing on the deck, watching a dead man being thrown into the water. Then he noticed the other body floating not far from the other, and realized the men had been taken care of as easily as if he had been on board.Another splash came from the other barge. Thorin half expected it to be another man, but instead he heard Kaleria yell for her friend, and he saw Hedina bobbing in the water."Hurry!" He instructed, willing his men forward. They answered him and rowed harder, bringing the boat closer. Thorin looked back at Kaleria, only to catch her diving into the water. He watched her surface and swim toward Hedina. His boat closed in slowly, still too far to aid Hedina, or Kaleria. As Kaleria reached her friend, Thorin saw the two women supported by the oar.What Thorin hadn't seen was the man swimming toward them.An arm shot out of the water and wrapped around Kaleria's neck before dragging her under water."Kaleria!" Thorin screamed, seeing her disappear under the surface.He counted the seconds as the boats closed in on Hedina. One boat slowed next to her and pulled her from the water. Thorin waited for any sign of Kaleria trying to surface, but none came.Blood appeared in the water where Kaleria had gone down, and Thorin froze.She couldn't be gone. She had to make it to Erebor. He had promised to protect her, and he had failed. How could Lord Marzel forgive him in the afterlife?A gasp filled the silence, a sound no one had expected. Thorin looked down into the water to see Kaleria breaking the surface.He reacted instantly, reaching over the side and grabbing her under her arms. He pulled her into his body and fell back into the boat with her half on top of him. As she coughed and sputtered, Thorin held her against him, thanking Mahal she was alive.Kaleria laid her head back on his shoulder, breathing heavily."Kaleria, are you alright?" Thorin asked.She turned her head to look up at him. "I'm...I'm fine. W-where's Hedina?""They picked her up in another boat. She's okay." Thorin replied."Good," she nodded, relaxing slightly.Thorin looked her over. "I was worried. When I saw the blood, I thought…" He couldn't finish his sentence."I had...a knife. I stabbed him.""Are you sure you're okay?" Thorin stared down at her."I'm...okay. Just a little c-c-cold." She said, shivering.Finally, the chill of the water and the brisk wind had gotten to her. She crossed her arms, trying to conserve heat. Thorin moved her over a little before shrugging off his cloak and draping it over her shoulders. He rubbed his hand up and down her back trying to warm her.Kaleria pulled the cloak tighter and looked up at him. "Thank you, Thorin."Thorin nodded before looking up to check their position on the lake. "We will reach the shore soon. You can change into warm clothes once we are there."She shivered despite herself and glanced up at Thorin. "Any chance this b-boat can go faster?"Thorin chuckled as he pulled her closer, trying to warm her. "I'm afraid we are at top speed.""I see," said Kaleria. "Then I ap-appreciate their speed.""Rest. You need your strength to finish our journey." Thorin soothed, staring down at her."Yes, my king." Kaleria teased, then ducked her head to keep her face out of the wind.Thorin stared ahead to his mountain calling him home. He had missed it more over the last ten months than he had over the years Smaug had controlled it. Erebor was truly his home, and he couldn't wait to share it with his people.Finally, their boat reached the shore, skidding to a halt against the pebbled beach. The men in his boat jumped out to steady it before Thorin jumped out and landed solidly on the edge of his kingdom. He looked up and studied the mountain."It's beautiful," said Kaleria from above him.Thorin looked up at her, smiling, and reached up to help her out of the boat. He held her by the waist, his large hands gripping tightly, and lifted her over the side. Kaleria braced herself by putting her hands on his shoulders, and when her feet touched the ground, she slid her hands down his arms, but Thorin continued to hold her."Are you sure you're alright?" He asked, raising an eyebrow.Kaleria nodded. "Yes, I'll be fine. I'll be even better once I am allowed to try one of those soft beds you keep raving about."Thorin chuckled, knowing if she was teasing him, she would be okay to finish their journey."Lady Kaleria!" The crowd parted to allow Brerrick through as he rushed toward Thorin and Kaleria.Kaleria felt Thorin's hands tense on her waist before he let go and took a step away from her. She eyed him, but his gaze remained locked on Brerrick, who stopped in front of them."King Thorin," he bowed, then looked at Kaleria. "Lady Kaleria I have your coat and your sword belt."Kaleria looked down at her things. "Thank you, Brerrick.""You should probably put your coat on. The lining will help warm you." Brerrick suggested, holding her coat out to her."Right." She turned to Thorin, who finally returned her gaze. She stared at him, trying to read his blank expression as she removed his cloak. His mouth was set in a tight line, and a small crease set between his eyebrows."Thank you for allowing me to borrow your cloak." She handed over the damp fabric, and he took it quickly."You're welcome, replied Thorin, impassively. "Find some warm clothes. We will leave soon."He didn't offer a goodbye before he turned and walked off to organize the caravan for their final march into Erebor.Kaleria huffed and faced Brerrick. "Will you help me find Hedina and Valdrus?""I saw them this way." Brerrick handed Kaleria her coat, then started in the opposite direction as Thorin. Kaleria pulled on her coat as she followed him.Valdrus stood close to Hedina by the back of their wagon. His hand remained in the small of her back as if he was afraid would disappear if he wasn't holding her.Kaleria rushed toward her friends. "Hedina! Valdrus!"She threw her arms around both of them, initiating a group hug the others didn't dare deny. They squeezed each other so hard they made it difficult to breathe, but neither one of them cared. They were happy to find each other safe and happy."Oh, Kaleria," Hedina held tighter, "I thought you were dead. Then Thorin pulled you from the water, and I couldn't get to you to see if you were alright."Kaleria pulled back slightly to see her friend's face. "I'm okay. I'm just glad you're okay.""Thanks to you," said Valdrus, giving her a grateful look.Hedina leaned her head on her husband's shoulder, knowing he blamed himself for her falling overboard. She patted his arm, then raised her head and looked toward her friend, aware that Kaleria was still in her wet clothes."Come on, Kaleria. You need to change clothes. You need to look your best for your entrance into our new home." Hedina took Kaleria's hand to lead her toward her trunk."Lady Kaleria," Brerrick spoke up, reminding them all he was still there. "I need to get back to my group. I am glad you're alright.""Thank you, Brerrick. I'll see you inside." She turned to follow Hedina, needing to distance herself from everyone except her friend.Hedina forced her friend to sit before she opened Kaleria's trunk and started looking through it for something to wear. "What do you feel like wearing? Obviously, you need to wear a dress. Any color you're leaning toward?"Kaleria shrugged. "Pick something for me. You always choose better."Hedina riffled through the clothes in the trunk and picked a maroon dress trimmed with tan ribbon. She set up the divider against the wagon, and waited for Kaleria to move. When she remained sitting, Hedina walked over and crouched in front of her."What's wrong?" She asked, taking Kaleria's hand.Kaleria looked up at her with tears in her eyes. "I wish my parents were here. They would love to see this."Hedina leaned forward and hugged her. "I'm sorry, Kaleria. I wish they were here, too. But, they wouldn't want you to cry on your first day. Especially, if the king is going to introduce you to his family." She teased.Kaleria shook her head. "Why would he introduce me to his family?"Hedina stood and smoothed her dress. "You are his special guest. I don't see why he wouldn't introduce you.""I'm not his special guest." Kaleria moved toward the divider. "My father made him promise to bring me to Erebor, and here I am. I don't expect him to treat me like a royal guest. Once I'm settled, I will look for a way to support myself.""Whatever you say," replied Hedina, shaking her head. "What do you plan to do with your hair?"Kaleria brought a hand to her damp hair, pulling at a loose piece. "Would you help me with it?""Of course," said Hedina, collecting her brushes and pins. Hedina smiled though her friend couldn't see her face. She had a good feeling about Erebor.

 Prev  id='storytext'>Chapter 13The face of Erebor towered in front of the caravan, the rock carved and cut with intricate designs including two statues of former kings lining each side of the entrance. The large gates swung open with a loud moan as Thorin led the new citizens into his homeland. He couldn't stop the smile that appeared as he took in the sight of his kingdom, and his people waiting to greet him.Thorin rode in first, followed by his advisors, and the rest of the caravan filing into the entrance of Erebor. Each dwarf tried and failed at not being overwhelmed by the grandeur of their new home. The entrance had a domed roof cut 300 feet up into the mountain that displayed the multiple levels hidden deeper within the mountain. Torches burned on every wall, while large braziers were supported on columns above to create more light.Dismounting from his pony, Thorin looked around until his eyes landed on the familiar faces he had missed during his journey. A guard took his pony and Thorin walked toward his sister, and gathered her in a long hug."Welcome home, brother." Dis squeezed her brother a little tighter before releasing him."It's good to be home." Thorin looked at his nephews standing at attention behind Dis. "I trust you boys handled things while I was gone?""Absolutely," said Fili."It was all under control," added Kili."Good." Thorin pulled his nephews in for a hug, and though they thought themselves as too old for hugs, Fili and Kili hugged their uncle as tightly as he hugged them.After a few moments, Thorin released them and turned to his people. He stepped up onto the landing that led to the hallways, so he could be seen, and addressed them. "To those of you who have traveled far, welcome to Erebor!"A cheer rang out through the crowd as they continued to pour into the entryway. A few guards were directing people as they came in, and groups with wagons were split one way, while groups with ponies only were split another. Record keepers were sitting at tables tracking each person that came in and assigning available rooms.Thorin observed the organized chaos from his vantage point, in awe of how smooth the process seemed to be going. His eyes swept over the crowd until they caught cinnamon hair cascading across the back of a maroon dress."Lady Kaleria!" He called over the crowd.She looked up at the sound of her name and scanned the room for her summoner. Her eyes found his and he beckoned her over with a wave of his hand. As she crossed the space between them, he descended from the landing and met her on the main floor."May I introduce you to my family?" Thorin held out his hand to her.Kaleria looked from him to his hand to his family and back to his face. Her lips relaxed into a smile, and she placed her hand in his. "Of course."Thorin led her toward his family, only releasing her hand when he had to. "May I present Princess Dis and her sons, the Princes Fili and Kili."Kaleria curtseyed. "It is an honor.""This is Lady Kaleria of the Blue Mountains. She and her father graciously hosted me while I stayed in their village."Dis stepped forward. "I appreciate you looking after my brother. I know what a pain he can be."Thorin furrowed his brows at his sister, who only smirked.Kaleria stood and shook her head. "Nonsense. It was a pleasure. I know my father loved having him in our home.""Where is your father? I would like to thank him as well." Dis replied.Thorin shot Kaleria a look of apology, but she shook him off. "I am sorry to say my father passed before we embarked on this journey. He would have loved to see how beautiful Erebor has become once again.""I am very sorry for your loss. Do you have other family members?""Dis," Thorin gave her a warning look."Both of my parents are dead, and I was not fortunate enough to have a sibling. Although my friend Hedina moved her as well, and she's basically a sister to me."Dis took Kaleria's hand. "You poor thing. You must come with me, and be our personal guest.""That's okay, your highness. I don't want to trouble you." Kaleria tried to deny the request without offending the princess."It will be no trouble at all. You took such great care of my brother, and now I must return the favor. Besides, you can't live on your own. Not yet anyways." Dis explained.Kaleria couldn't refuse. "Then I would love to be your guest.""Perfect," Dis looped Kaleria's arm through hers, "boys, make sure Lady Kaleria's things are brought to our guest accommodations."Fili and Kili took the bag Kaleria had with her, and listened to her instructions on where the rest of her things were before disappearing in the crowd of people.Kaleria turned to her new friend. "I hear the beds in Erebor are very soft, is this true?" She glanced at Thorin as she finished her sentence.He smirked and shook his head at her jest.Dis happily answered. "They are the finest I've ever slept on. I am sure you will catch up on your sleep in no time."Kaleria nodded and tried to stifle a giggle as Thorin rolled his eyes.Dis ignored them both. "Attend to your duties, brother. I'll take care of our guest.""Be nice, sister." Thorin said, concerned for what Dis might say when he wasn't present."I am always nice, Thorin. Come along, Kaleria. I am sure you're dying for a hot bath." Dis pulled Kaleria toward one of the halls leading to the rest of Erebor. Kaleria looked back once more at Thorin, who smiled, before turning to help his new citizens.Dis led Kaleria to the royal wing of the mountain, pointing out helpful landmarks as they walked and promising to give Kaleria a grand tour once she had settled. Kaleria was in awe of how much of the mountain looked the same and how much had changed since she had last been in it. The main hallways were as she remembered, but the deeper into the mountain they went, the more Kaleria didn't recognize her childhood home. As they reached the royal wing-a place she had never visited-Kaleria could only admire the delicate carvings that lined the doorways.They stopped at a set of wooden double doors with dwarven runes etched into the dark wood, and intricate iron forged door handles.Dis gestured to the door. "This will be your room. If there is anything you need, don't be afraid to ask one of our staff members. I'll have the maids bring you water for a bath and they can take any of your clothing you wish to be laundered.""Thank you. I am grateful for your hospitality," said Kaleria."You're welcome," replied Dis. "I'll send someone to bring you to the dining hall for dinner.""Thank you, your highness." Kaleria curtseyed."Please," Dis took her hand and squeezed it, "call me Dis. You were a friend to my brother and that makes you a friend to me."Kaleria nodded as she smiled at her new friend.Satisfied with her work, Dis released Kaleria's hand and left her to explore her new room.Gently, Kaleria pushed open the door and gasped as she took in the sight of her new room. It was larger than any room in her old house with tall ceilings and large furnishings. A four post bed sat against the wall to her left. The mattress might have been big enough for three people, and it supported a mountain of pillows of varying sizes. Along the back wall she could see a bathing area and a vanity with a plush stool tucked underneath. Next to the vanity stood a large wardrobe, more than capable of containing Kaleria's clothes. On the wall to her right was a huge fireplace with a fire already burning to keep the room warm, and a sitting area was set up in front of it.A knock behind her brought Kaleria out of her trance, and she turned to see a group of maids at her door."Hello, miss. We've brought your things to your room and pails of water for your bath." The first maid said."Thank you. Would you mind putting my bags by the bed, so I may sort through my things?" She asked."Yes, of course." The maids hurried into the room and split into two groups; one group carried her belongings to the bed, the other group carried the water toward the fire to warm it.As the water warmed, the other maids went to the bathing area and set up the dividers to give Kaleria privacy when she started her bath. Once the water was warm enough, the maids emptied the buckets into the bathing tub and dripped in oils to soothe her. The maids filed out of the room, with the first maid who entered being the last at the door."I will come back one hour before dinner to help you dress," she said.Kaleria thanked her, then the maid left the room and Kaleria was alone. She walked around the room to study her new home. She admired the tall ceiling and the ornate torches lining the walls for light. Her fingers brushed along the foot of the bed as she took in the craftsmanship of the woodwork. Only one thing remained unchecked.Kaleria jumped and landed in the middle of her new bed. Though she had doubted Thorin's words, the bed was the softest thing she had ever laid on. She wanted to bury herself in the covers and fall asleep forever, but she needed a bath first.Rolling out of the soft bed, Kaleria's feet hit the floor and carried her toward the bathing area. She stripped out of her traveling clothes and sunk into the water. After untying her hair, Kaleria dunked her head under the water and used some of the oils the maids brought to scrub her scalp. She rinsed her hair, then washed it again, hoping to remove the dirt and remnants of the lake. The bath was exactly what she needed after a long journey.When she was finished, Kaleria got out of the bath and dried herself. She picked out a shift from her clothes and slipped it on over her head. Freshly washed and dried, Kaleria looked back to the bed, and it called her name. Slipping under the sheets, Kaleria sighed in bliss and sunk deep into the mattress. She knew now why Thorin had missed his soft bed. With thoughts of the king drifting through her head, Kaleria fell asleep.

 Prev  id='storytext'>Chapter 14KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!Kaleria's eyes shot open as the knocks echoed through her large room. She didn't realize she had fallen asleep, and she quickly kicked off the sheets to stand. Throwing on a robe, Kaleria stepped lightly toward the door and cracked it open."Hello, miss. I'm here to prepare you for dinner." The maid said from the other side of the door."I apologize," Kaleria moved aside to let her in, "I fell asleep after my bath."The maid entered and Kaleria closed the door behind her."It's alright, miss. We have plenty of time before they serve dinner. What would you like to wear this evening?" The maid stood by Kaleria's trunk.Kaleria stared at her trunk, then back to the maid. "Um, I don't know what would look best to dine with the royal family. Could you choose for me?""Certainly, miss." The maid started pulling out Kaleria's clothes piece by piece. She pulled a gray dress with a rustic orange underlay that was visible from her breasts to her feet. The gray overlay tied across the bodice with a dark ribbon, and the sleeves ended in points across the back of each hand."This will be perfect," said the maid."Then I trust your judgement." Kaleria moved to the vanity and began brushing her hair."Do you need help with your hair?" The maid asked."If you wouldn't mind." Kaleria handed the brush over and watched the maid behind her. "Can I ask for your name?""My name is Cardeena.""It's nice to meet you. I'm Kaleria.""I know, miss." Cardeena said, giggling."Of course you know, but I meant you may call me Kaleria."Cardeena met her eyes in the mirror. "If you like."The women fell into silence as Cardeena gathered the top section of Kaleria's hair and pinned it into a large bun. She took the pieces right behind Kaleria's ears and braided them all the way down. The final touch was a flower shaped hair pin that looked like a daisy she added to the bun.Cardeena picked up the dress they had chosen and readied it for Kaleria, who discarded her robe across the seat. Together they finished dressing Kaleria, and she was ready to dine with the royal family."Thank you, Cardeena. I appreciate your help," said Kaleria."You're welcome, mi— I mean Kaleria." Cardeena corrected herself. "I'll take you to the dining hall, now."Kaleria slipped on her ankle high boots, and followed Cardeena down the hall. They didn't have to walk very far before Cardeena stopped and gestured to the door in front of her."This is the dining hall. Call for me if you need help finding your way back to your room after dinner.""Thank you for everything, Cardeena."Cardeena gave a small curtsey and left Kaleria standing at the door to the dining hall. Kaleria looked up at the large door in front of her. She took a deep breath to calm her nerves, then entered the room to find Dis, Fili, and Kili already seated."I am sorry if you were waiting on me. I fell asleep." Kaleria offered her explanation."You needed the rest," said Dis. "Come sit next to me. As you can see, we are still waiting on my brother to join us." Dis motioned Kaleria toward the empty seat next to her and across from Kili."I am only a moment behind our guest," said Thorin, entering the room.The king under the mountain looked different than the many times Kaleria had seen him on their journey. His dark hair, scattered with stripes of gray, seemed shiner after being freshly washed, and though he was without his armour, his presence was no less imposing. He wore a blue tunic that matched his eyes and highlighted his relaxed demeanor at finally being home.Now that the group was seated at the table, the butlers began serving dinner to each member. Soon, the group was eating one of the finest meals Kaleria had ever tasted."I apologize for my tardiness. I had to attend to a few things," supplied Thorin."What things?" Kili questioned. "We took care of everything while you were away.""Now, I'm back and there are new things." Thorin informed his nephew, giving him a stern look."Lady Kaleria," said Fili, taking the attention from his brother, "how do you like Erebor?""From what I have seen, it's amazing. I must congratulate you, your brother, and your uncle for taking it back. I know it was a dangerous journey." Kaleria saw the boys sit up a little higher in their chairs, happy to be acknowledged for their accomplishment."Very dangerous, but we are brave dwarves of the line of Durin," said Kili."I don't doubt that," replied Kaleria."Kaleria has seen so little of the city. Brother, you should give her a tour." Dis said, jumping into the conversation.Thorin looked at his sister. "I would, but I have much to go over with Balin.""You can spare one day," complained Dis."If I had a day to spare, I would. But we are trying to expand our allies beyond Dale, and that takes time." Thorin had a tight grip on his cup, and Kaleria could see his knuckles turning white. She stared into his eyes and saw a flash of anger behind his cool irises.She spoke up. "Thorin is busy. I understand that. Perhaps we could save the tour for another time."Thorin looked at her, silently thanking her for diffusing the argument to come.Kaleria turned her attention to Dis. "Besides, I thought I could spend time with you and earn your friendship."Dis smiled. "A lovely idea. Much better than mine.""And what about us?" Fili questioned."Don't we get the opportunity to win you over?" Kili winked at Kaleria.Kaleria laughed. "I believe you have already won me over with your charms, but if you must try, I would like to see what the princes do for fun.""We can show you all the best places. The market is amazing," said Fili."And we can take you to the training grounds and show you how we won the mountain," bragged Kili."Lady Kaleria is very good with a sword. I'm certain she could teach you boys a thing or two." Thorin glanced at her as he spoke."Really?" The boys asked in unison.Kaleria blushed under their gazes. "Your uncle exaggerates on my behalf. Though I would like to train with you, if you don't mind."The princes agreed eagerly, and were already planning their training session with their guest. Kaleria enjoyed the enthusiasm of the young princes. She had always wanted a brother, and she could picture growing up with a brother just like the boys sitting across from her.The dinner continued smoothly as they discussed the new families and the amount of space that had been vacant, but was now full. Erebor was starting to feel more like a kingdom and less like a community after being lost for so long. The princes finished eating first, and asked to be dismissed. Dis remained a few minutes longer, but claimed she was tired and left the room. Thorina and Kaleria remained at the table a seat away from each other."I'm sorry I can't give you a tour of the mountain," said Thorin.Kaleria smiled. "I understand you're busy. You have important things to do.""I promise when I have the time, I will give you a tour."Kaleria shook her head. "You don't have to do that, Thorin.""I know. I want to." Thorin stared at her, hoping she understood how sincerely he wanted to show her his home. He had always had pride in the mountain, but something about it now being his made Thorin want to make it every dwarfs favorite place. Thorin only wanted Kaleria to see it as he did.Kaleria broke eye contact to place her fork on her plate and push it away from herself. She needed a reason not to look into his endless blue eyes, for fear she might become lost in them, like a sailor out to sea.Although he didn't want to bring down the mood of the conversation, there was something he needed to address. Thorin averted his gaze to the table before he spoke again."I must thank you for persuading my sister to abandon her argument. I was beginning to feel...not like myself." Thorin phrased his admission away from the actual reason he had grown agitated.Kaleria took in his empty expression. "I could tell you weren't yourself. I didn't want you to hurt your family unintentionally.""I have always had a temper, but recent events have made it worse. I don't know how to get past it." Thorin admitted."You will," assured Kaleria. "I have faith in you. You need to have faith in yourself."Thorin didn't reply, but Kaleria knew he was thankful for her support. They remained silent for a few moments more, enjoying the others' presence. Though they had only known each other for a short while, they seemed to know how to read each other. Kaleria could tell he was worn out from fighting off his emotions and keeping his temper at bay. The candles flickered in the middle of the table, and Kaleria took that as her sign to leave.Kaleria stood from her chair. "Thank you for a wonderful meal and the accommodations. Now I know why you missed your bed so much."Thorin chuckled. "I do appreciate a soft bed.""Goodnight, Thorin.""Goodnight, Kaleria." He watched her leave the room, and his heart grew lighter than it had been in a long time.

 Prev 